---
title: Terms of Service - 2016
hidden: true
feedback: false
---

[email]: mailto:legal@segment.com
[pricing]: https://segment.com/pricing

> Archived version: Last modified on October 20, 2016

<small>
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY. THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, REMEDIES AND OBLIGATIONS. THESE INCLUDE LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY AND A DISCLAIMER OF ALL WARRANTIES.
</small>

These Terms of Service (referred to herein as these "Terms of Service" or this "Agreement") are between Segment.io Inc. ("Segment", "We", "Us" or "Our") and you (collectively, "Customer," "You" or "Your"). By implementing or using the Service (as defined below) on Your website, service or application, or by using, or signing up for an account on Our Site, You agree that You are authorized to accept this Agreement on behalf of Yourself and that You are bound by this Agreement. If You are agreeing to this Agreement for use of the Service by an organization, then You are agreeing to this Agreement on behalf of that organization (and "Customer," "You" and "Your" will refer to that organization). You must have the authority to bind that organization to this Agreement; otherwise You must not sign up for the Service. By using the Service, You are representing and warranting that You are over the age of 18, or the legal age of majority in Your jurisdiction of residence. Segment does not make the Service available to anyone under the age of 13.

Your use of the Service and each website (each a "Site") owned and operated by Segment are governed by these Terms of Service. The Service is comprised of certain Segment proprietary software (the "Software") that allows You to obtain statistics based on website visitors to Your website, service, or application, (the Software and services provided thereby and from Our Sites shall be collectively known as the "Service(s)"). You must affirmatively agree to and indicate Your acceptance of these Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy (individually or collectively the "Agreement") in order to use the Service. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT IN ITS ENTIRETY, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE OR THE SERVICE.

Please note that if You have executed a separate written agreement with Segment regarding Your use of certain of Our Services, then that agreement, and not these Terms of Service, applies to those Services.

If You enter into an "Order Form" signed by You and Us that expressly refers to these Terms of Service, then the following terms apply:

**If You enter into an "Order Form" signed by You and Us that expressly refers to these Terms of Service, then the following terms apply:**

* Except as expressly set forth in the Order, no Free Trial (defined below) or related free or trial-period termination right shall apply to Services purchased under an Order Form. The Services purchased under the Order Form, shall be considered a "Paid Plan" as defined below. All amounts stated in the Order Form shall be payable within thirty (30) days of the date of invoice;
* The subscription period for the Services you purchase under the Order Form, shall be the "Service Term" set forth in the Order Form. Following the expiration of the initial Service Term, the subscription period shall automatically renew for successive one year periods (each, an additional Service Term), unless one party provides the other with written notice of termination at least thirty (30) days prior to the then-current Service Term; and
* In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Order Form, and the terms of these Terms of Service, the terms of the Order Form control.

## 1. Registration Process, Free Trial and Paying Plans

If You decide to register for the Service, You must provide certain limited information about Yourself to Segment and create an account. You agree to be responsible for Your account password as well as the acts and/or omissions of any third party using the Service through Your account. You must notify Segment immediately of any unauthorized use of Your account or loss of account information. You agree to keep all account information complete, accurate and up to date (including without limitation any payment and contact information). We reserve the right to refuse the Service to any user and terminate Your account for any reason within Segment’s sole discretion. Don’t worry - You can opt-out of any marketing emails from Us through Your account settings or through a link in the e-mail that We send.
By registering for the Service, Segment may provide You with limited access to the Service on a trial basis at no charge for 14 days from the date of Your registration, or such other time period as We may establish in our sole discretion (collectively Your "Free Trial").

**We reserve the right to modify, cancel and/or limit the Free Trial without notice at any time.**

After the Free Trial, if you do not cancel your account, we will automatically upgrade you to an auto-renewing, paid subscription (a "Paid Plan") or you must enter into a separate written agreement with Us for a "Business" plan.

**Please note that upon the end of Your Free Trial, if You do not purchase a Paid Plan or a Business plan, You may lose access to all data stored on the Service, and any interfaces to third party services that We provide.**

By upgrading to (or separately purchasing) a Paid Plan, You are agreeing to pay in advance the amount due for each subscription period based on Your usage. Subscription periods are monthly unless otherwise agreed in writing by Segment. Each plan includes a specified number of user seats, data sources and data warehouses, as well as a number of unique users whose interactions You track in each month (e.g. the number of tracked visitor id’s, collectively referred to as "Events").

**Our current pricing and available subscription period(s) are available on our** [pricing page](/pricing).

Please note that if you signed up for a Plan prior to June 13, 2016, then, unless you sign up for one of our new plans as set forth herein, your current plan will continue under our [previous Terms of Service available here](/legacyplans). Segment reserve the right to discontinue such prior plans at any time.

**Under each Plan, You are responsible for all fees due for the entire subscription period – even if You cancel Your subscription.**

You authorize us (or a billing agent acting on Our behalf) to charge You the applicable fees using Your selected payment method. We’ll automatically bill You in advance from the date You convert to a Paid Plan based on Your usage, and on each subscription renewal, until cancellation.

The fees set forth in this Agreement are the net amount that We must receive exclusive of any taxes and, in addition to such fees, You shall be responsible for promptly paying (to us or the appropriate taxing authority) any and all taxes, duties and tariffs, including, without limitation, sales, excise, value added, use, withholding, import/export and similar charges related to this Agreement.

ONCE YOU HAVE PURCHASED A PAID PLAN, WE WILL AUTOMATICALLY CHARGE AT THE END OF EACH SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD FOR THE NEXT SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD, UNLESS YOU NOTIFY US IN WRITING THAT YOU WANT TO TERMINATE YOUR SUBSCRIPTION AND CEASE USING THE SERVICE AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 9 (Termination).

**Overages.** We reserve the right to charge any applicable overage fees if You exceed the maximum Events allowed by Your Plan in any given month. For the next month, You may be automatically charged for such higher usage, or we may require that you upgrade to a new plan (which may require you to enter into a signed agreement with Segment). If You are on a monthly billing cycle, You will be charged for Your increased usage starting with the next month. If You are not billed monthly, upon the next applicable month after the upgrade, You will be charged for the increased price of the usage.

**Upgrades.** If You upgrade Your Paid Plan, You will immediately be charged the then-current rate for the new Paid Plan (and any auto-renewals thereof), as provided on Our Site.

We may revise Service rates at any time, or impose additional fees or charges. If You are on a Paid Plan, We will do this by providing You with at least 30 days’ notice prior to the next charge (as such notice is set forth in Section 10 "Modifications to the Agreement"). Provided that if You upgrade Your plan (or an upgrade occurs automatically as set forth in this section), You will be charged at the then-current rate. Unless otherwise expressly stated in writing, any discounts applied to a previous subscription period do not apply to a renewed subscription period, including to any automatic renewals.

Your Paid Plan will remain in effect until it’s cancelled or terminated under these Terms and Conditions. If You don’t pay for Your Paid Plan on time, We reserve the right to suspend or terminate Your account. Unpaid fees are subject to a finance charge of 1.5% per month on any outstanding balance, or the maximum permitted by law, whichever is lower, plus all expenses of collection. Unless otherwise stated, all fees are stated in, and shall be paid in, US dollars.

**Downgrades.** If You desire to downgrade Your Plan level, You must provide Segment with written notice at least 30 days prior to the end of Your current subscription period (please provide written notice to billing@segment.com). The Plan downgrade will take effect the first billing cycle of Your next subscription period. Please note that You will not receive any refunds for payments made on Your current billing cycle (or for your current subscription period). Downgrading Your Plan may cause the loss of account content, features, or capacity. Segment disclaims liability for any such loss.

**Additional Fees.** We may revise Service rates at any time, or impose additional fees or charges. If You are on a Paid Plan, We will do this by providing You with at least 30 days’ notice prior to the next charge (as such notice is set forth in Section 10 "Modifications to the Agreement"). Provided that if You upgrade or downgrade Your plan (or an upgrade occurs automatically as set forth in this section), You will be charged at the then-current rate. Unless otherwise expressly stated in writing, any discounts applied to a previous subscription period do not apply to a renewed subscription period, including to any automatic renewals.

Your Paid Plan will remain in effect until it’s cancelled or terminated under these Terms and Conditions. If You don’t pay for Your Paid Plan on time, We reserve the right to suspend or terminate Your account. Unpaid fees are subject to a finance charge of 1.5% per month on any outstanding balance, or the maximum permitted by law, whichever is lower, plus all expenses of collection. Unless otherwise stated, all fees are stated in, and shall be paid in, US dollars.

**Right to limit usage.** We reserve the right to limit or "throttle" your usage of the Service at any time if we deem that it is excessive, abusive, designed to circumvent Service limitations, or otherwise to prevent harm to Segment or others. This could include, without limitation, limiting the number of API calls that you are permitted to make or data syncs that you may perform.

## 2. Limited License

### 2.1 By Segment

Subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms of Service, during the period You have a valid subscription with Segment. Segment grants You (and You agree to comply with) a non-sublicensable, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to use: the Software and certain proprietary documentation in the form generally made available by Segment to You on the Site for use with the Software (the "Documentation"), solely to connect to the Service, and solely for Your benefit and Your internal business purposes. Your use of the Service shall be subject to the applicable Service documentation and restricted pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

### 2.2 Ownership

As between You and Segment, Segment owns all rights and interest to any and all patents, copyrights, moral rights, trade secrets, trademarks, service marks, publicity rights, and other proprietary rights (whether or not perfected or perfectible and whether or not now known or hereafter discovered) ("Intellectual Property Rights") in and to the Sites and Service. Nothing in this Agreement grants You any rights whatsoever in or relating to the source code of the Software (except for examples of code that are provided by Segment in source code format). All ownership rights, title, and Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Site and Service shall remain in Segment and/or its licensors. Other than as expressly granted herein, Segment does not grant You any other rights to the Sites or Service. You agree that Segment has the right to change, modify, add to or discontinue or retire any aspect or feature of the Site or Service at any time. Segment has no obligation to give You notice of any changes. From time to time, Segment may, but is under no obligation to, release upgrades, fixes or new versions of the Service, although these upgrades may not be consistent across all platforms and devices. All such upgrades, fixes or new versions shall be considered part of the Site and Service subject to the terms of this Agreement, unless We provide different terms at the time of release. The Service may include Software which may update automatically.

### 2.3 By You

By allowing the Service to be placed on Your website, application or service, You hereby grant Us a nonexclusive, irrevocable during the term of this Agreement, royalty-free license to perform, or have performed, the Service activities on such website, application or service. By using the Service and allowing the Service to be placed on Your website, application or service, You hereby grant Segment the right to include Your name or logo on Segment’s Site or other marketing and promotional efforts.

## 3. Restrictions

You agree not to, or to allow others to: (i) adapt, alter, modify, decompile, translate, make derivative works, disassemble, or reverse engineer the Site or Service, including without limitation, the source code and any other underlying ideas or algorithms of the Software (except to the extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such restriction or where in accordance with the API terms of service); (ii) copy the Software; (iii) transfer, sublicense, loan, sell, lease, use for timesharing or service bureau purposes, or otherwise commercially use or exploit the Service; (iv) use the Site or Service in violation of any applicable regulation or law; (v) ship, divert, trans-ship, transfer, export or re- export the Service or any component thereof into any country or use it in any manner prohibited by any export control laws, restrictions, or regulations administered by the U.S. Commerce Department’s Bureau of Export Administration, the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control or any other applicable government agency, (vi) use or attempt to use the Service for competitive analysis or benchmarking of the Service, or to develop a competitive service or directly compete with the Service; (vii) to store or transfer any tortious, illegal or infringing materials, (viii) use or attempt to use the Service, or provide us with any data, in violation of any third-party rights of any kind, including without limitation any privacy, intellectual property, confidentiality or contractual rights, (ix) to transfer any viruses, worms, trojans or other items of a similarly destructive nature.

Customer shall use no less than industry standard security measures with respect to its access and use of the Services and Software. Customer shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining any equipment and ancillary services needed to connect to, access or otherwise use the Service, including, without limitation, hardware, server, software, operating system, networking, communication services, web and hosted services and platforms, and any platforms, networks, services and/or websites where it distributes and runs its services and applications, including but not limited to, Facebook, Android, Google Play, Blackberry and iOS/App Store and all third party products and service providers that Customer requests Segment to supply with data, or from whom Customer provides Segment with data (collectively, "Third Party Platforms"). Customer shall be responsible for compliance its own and all terms of service and privacy policies with respect to the Third Party Platforms. Without limiting the foregoing, Customer agrees to comply with third party terms of service and privacy policies for all third party analytics providers and other services that Segment provides with data at Your request, or that you request to provide Segment with data. Segment is not responsible for any act or omissions of any Third Party Platform.
Customer shall also be responsible for maintaining the security of the Third Party Platforms, its account, passwords (including but not limited to administrative and user passwords) and files, and for all uses of the account or the Third Party Platforms with or without Customer’s knowledge or consent.

You agree to:

* Use the Service for lawful purposes only and in compliance with any policies posted to the Site or conveyed by electronic notice;
* Not use the Service in a way that prevents or inhibits another user from enjoying the Service;
* Not obtain the communications protocol for accessing the Service;
* Not remove, obscure or alter any notices or indications of any Intellectual Property Rights, any trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, trade dress, and any other distinctive or proprietary symbols, labels, designs or designations ("Branding"), or any electronic notices;
* Not interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, compromise the system integrity or security, or decipher any transmissions to or from the Service servers;
* Not to take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Our infrastructure; and
* Not to challenge or assist others to challenge Our rights in the Branding, or Our Intellectual Property Rights or registration or applications thereof.
  You agree to promptly notify Segment of any violation of this Section, or otherwise of this Agreement.

## 4. Confidential Information.

**"Confidential Information"** means: (a) the Service (Including the Software and Documentation); and (b) any Segment business or technical information that is disclosed to You in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any information relating to Segment’s plans, designs, costs, prices, finances, marketing plans, business opportunities, personnel or research and development. You will maintain all Confidential Information in strict confidence and will not disclose Confidential Information to any third party. You will not use Confidential Information, except as necessary for Your performance of this Agreement.

The parties agree that any material breach of this Section (Confidentiality) will cause irreparable injury and that injunctive relief in a court of competent jurisdiction will be appropriate to prevent an initial or continuing breach of this Section in additional to any other relief to which Segment may be entitled.

## 5. Customer User Data

Our Services enable You to collect data ("Customer User Data") about how Your customers and other users (Your "Users") use and interact with Your website, services and applications on which You have integrated Our Service (including without limitation User name, postal address, e-mail address, IP address and phone number). We enable You to specify the Customer User Data that You collect, and, at Your direction, to pass that data into the Segment Service, and to and from a variety of third-party tools and services. Segment may also store Customer User Data in connection with the Service. Segment is not responsible for inspecting the Customer User Data that it collects, and collects such information automatically under Your direction when providing Our Service.

As between Customer and Segment, Customer shall retain all right, title and interest in and to the Customer User Data. Customer acknowledges that Segment exercises no control whatsoever over the content of the information (including Customer User Data) passing through Segment’s systems and networks in connection with providing the Service. Customer will be responsible for the accuracy, quality and legality of Customer User Data and the means by which Customer acquired the Customer User Data.

We collect, store, and use Your Customer User Data on Our servers to provide You with the Service. Our Service transfers data to servers that store User data in the U.S. and outside the U.S. We only share User information as You direct and with others under special circumstances as follows:

* With third parties who work on Our behalf to provide You the Service (including, without limitation, maintenance, administration, support, payment, hosting and database management services). These third parties may have access to Your Customer User Data only to perform these tasks on Our behalf in accordance with this Agreement and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose;
* To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process;
* To protect the safety, rights and property of Segment, Our agents, customers, and others (including emergency situations), and to enforce Our agreements, policies, and terms of use; and
* For the purposes of a business deal (or negotiation of a business deal) involving sale or transfer of all or a part of Our business or assets (business deals may include, for example, any merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy).

We provide You with access to Your Customer User Data and ability to delete any of Your User data (subject to Our legal obligations). We also take commercially reasonable steps to safeguard Customer User Data. Provided, however that no security system is impenetrable. It may be possible for third parties to intercept or access Customer User Data, and We cannot guarantee the security of such information and is not responsible for unauthorized access to Your account or Customer User Data.

You agree to comply with all applicable privacy and data protection regulations. You agree to provide appropriate notices to Your Users about, and if required by applicable laws, obtain appropriate consent from Users for, Your information collection and use practices relating to Your use of Our Services, and Your use of any service providers or other third parties that You instruct to send us data or to whom You instruct us to send Your Customer User Data. You will not collect or provide us with any Customer User Data (or have a third party do the same), nor request us to collect from, or forward any Customer User Data to, any third party, or request (through the Segment Service or directly) such third party to perform any processing or transmission, in violation of any law, regulation, or third party right, including without limitation intellectual property, privacy or contractual right. We will not be responsible for any act omission of any third party that You request to provide us with Customer User Data or to whom You request us to forward Your Customer User Data, and You will indemnify and hold us harmless arising out of or related to their provision or use of the Customer User Data.

You, and any third party on Your behalf, shall not provide Segment with any data that is considered "sensitive personal data" under the EU Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC, or that is otherwise subject to heightened restrictions relating to the transmission or processing of data for the jurisdictions in which You and Segment operate. Examples of such restrictive frameworks include, but are not limited to, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, and the standards promulgated by the PCI Security Standards Council. It is Your responsibility at all times to ensure that the means of passing data to Segment, as well as the data itself, along with Your directives that We pass this data on to third party tools, at all times comply with the laws, regulations and agreements to which You, the data, or Segment are subject.

We may also collect registration and other information about You as Our customer through Our Site. Our collection and use of information collected about You on Our website is governed by Our Privacy Policy, available at https://segment.com/privacy/. **Our Privacy Policy does not cover Customer User Data. It is Your obligation to provide Your own privacy policy or notice to Your Users as set forth in this Agreement.**

In the performance of the Service, Segment is expressly authorized to collect general user data and report on the aggregate response rate and other aggregate measures of the Service’s use and performance, provided that all User data is anonymized and no personally identifying information of the Customer or its Users is revealed. In addition, Segment may monitor the use and performance of the Service for compliance with, and to enforce, the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

## 6. Warranty Disclaimer

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, THE SERVICE AND SITE ARE PROVIDED BY SEGMENT AND ITS LICENSORS "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" AND SEGMENT MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, YOU ASSUME ALL RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE AND SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY HARM CAUSED BY VIRUSES, WORKS, OR OTHER DAMAGING MATERIALS. IN NO EVENT DOES SEGMENT GUARANTEE ANY RESULTS, INCREASED TRAFFIC OR USER ENGAGEMENT FOR YOU. SEGMENT DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE OR SITE, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, ARE ACCURATE, ERROR OR BUG FREE, THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE OR SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT THE SERVICE’S OR SITE’S OPERATION WILL NOT NEGATIVELY AFFECT OTHER SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE. THIS SECTION APPLIES TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THE SERVICE IS OFFERED BY SEGMENT FROM ITS FACILITIES IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. SEGMENT MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS THAT THE SERVICE IS APPROPRIATE OR AVAILABLE FOR USE IN OTHER COUNTRIES. THOSE WHO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE FROM JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR COMPLIANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS.

## 7. Limitation of Liability

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL SEGMENT AND/OR ITS LICENSORS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES BE LIABLE (i) FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES RELATED TO OR ARISING FROM YOUR USE, MISUSE, OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE OR SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOST DATA, LOST PROFITS, OR COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE OF ANY NATURE RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE OR SITE, ADVERTISEMENTS, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OUR SERVERS, SERVER UNAVAILABILITY, AND ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, HOWEVER CAUSED UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED, TO CONTRACT OR TORT AND WHETHER OR NOT SEGMENT WAS OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OR ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE OR EVEN IF A REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE ; OR (ii) FOR ANY CLAIM ATTRIBUTABLE TO ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR OTHER INACCURACIES IN THE SERVICE OR DESTRUCTIVE PROPERTIES OF THE SERVICE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SEGMENT’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE TOTAL SUM OF MONIES PAID FROM YOU TO US AS CONSIDERATION FOR USE OF THE SERVICE DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY.

## 8. Indemnification

YOU HEREBY AGREE, AT YOUR EXPENSE, TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS SEGMENT ITS LICENSORS, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS FROM AND AGAINST ALL DEMANDS, LIABILITIES, LOSSES, CLAIMS AND EXPENSES, INCLUDING ATTORNEY’S FEES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO (A) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE, SITE, OR THIRD PARTY PLATFORM, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE SERVICES FROM WHOM WE RECEIVE OR TO WHOM WE SUBMIT DATA OR INSTRUCTIONS AT YOUR REQUEST, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THAT ANY CLAIM THAT ANY OF THE FOREGOING VIOLATES ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHT, (B) SERVICES, PRODUCTS, INFORMATION, DATA, PROCESSING INSTRUCTIONS OR CONTENT YOU SUBMITTED OR USED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE, OR (C) ANY ACTUAL OR ALLEGED NEGLIGENCE, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, FRAUD, MANIPULATION, OR BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, BY YOU. YOU WILL NOT ENTER INTO ANY SETTLEMENT OF, OR AGREEMENT RELATED TO, ANY MATTER COVERED BY THIS SECTION WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING SEGMENT’S WRITTEN CONSENT. SEGMENT RESERVES THE RIGHT, AT ITS OWN EXPENSE AND IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY DEFENSE, AND TO ASSUME THE EXCLUSIVE DEFENSE AND CONTROL OF ANY MATTER OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO INDEMNIFICATION BY YOU, AND YOU SHALL FULLY COOPERATE WITH SEGMENT IN SUCH DEFENSE.

## 9. Term and Termination

These Terms of Service will remain in effect for Your Free Trial, and, upon conversion to a Paid Plan subscription, until Your paid subscription to the Services terminates, or until the Terms of Service are otherwise terminated as set forth herein. For Customers in a Free Trial, We may terminate this Agreement at any time, in whole or in part, for any reason, with or without notice. During the Free Trial, You may terminate this Agreement at any time by (i) providing us with written notice, and (ii) discontinuing Your use of the Services and removing all Segment java scripts and other scripts from Your website, application or service, and destroying all other parts of the Service, Software and Segment Confidential Information in Your possession.

For Customers under a Paid Plan, You may terminate this Agreement effective as of the end of the then-current subscription period by providing us with at least thirty (30) days’ written notice prior to the expiration of Your then-current subscription term. Once You are under a Paid Plan, We may terminate this Agreement at any time, in whole or in part, for any reason upon providing You with fourteen (14) days’ written notice. Upon any termination or expiration of this Agreement, all licenses, and any other rights and services provided by Us to You in this Agreement, shall cease immediately, and You shall immediately (i) pay all outstanding balances, and (ii) cease all use of the Services and remove all Segment java scripts and other scripts from Your website, application or service, and destroy all other parts of the Service, Software and Segment Confidential Information in Your possession. The following sections will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement: 1 (with respect to any fees due and their collection), 2.2, 3 through 9, and 11.

We also may permanently or temporarily terminate, suspend, limit or "throttle" your usage, or otherwise refuse to permit Your use of the Service without notice or liability, if in Our sole determination, You violate these Terms of Service or Segment’s privacy policy, or in cases of emergency or to prevent violations of law or harm to Segment or others. Termination of these Terms of Service, any license, or Your access to the Site or Service, shall not limit Us from pursuing other remedies available to Us against You, including, but not limited to, injunctive relief.

## 10. Modifications to this Agreement.

Our employees are not authorized to vary the terms of this Agreement. This Agreement may be modified only (a) by obtaining Our written consent in an agreement signed by an officer of Segment; or (b) as set forth below in the immediately following paragraph.

You agree that Segment may modify the terms of this Agreement from time to time, and that Your right to access the Service is conditioned on an ongoing basis with Your compliance with the then-current version of this Agreement. We will notify You when We make material revisions or modifications to the Agreement by (x) posting a notice or new version of this Agreement on the Segment Site, or (y) providing direct notice in a communication to Your customer account (if You have one), or otherwise in some manner through the Service that We deem reasonably likely to reach You (which may be by posting to this Site or on Our blog). The modifications will be effective upon posting (unless otherwise indicated at the time of posting). By continuing to use the Services or Site following the posting of this Agreement, You consent to the revised or modified terms of this Agreement.

## 11. General

General terms:

* The Service may contain or be distributed with open source software or other third party software which may be covered by a different license. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the obligations of Segment set forth in this Agreement do not extend to any open source software or such other third party software which may be made available by Segment, or otherwise obtained or used by You. You agree that all open source software or such other third party software shall be and shall remain subject to the terms and conditions under which it is provided, and You shall be responsible for compliance with such terms. **To the fullest extent possible Segment disclaims all warranties and liability regarding such open source and third party software in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.**
* Headings. Headings are for organizational purposes only and shall in no way affect the interpretation of this Agreement.
* Assignment. You may not delegate, assign or otherwise transfer Your rights or delegate Your obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, any attempted assignment by You shall be null and void. Segment may delegate, transfer or assign this Agreement, its rights and obligations in its sole discretion.
* Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California and the federal U.S. laws applicable therein, excluding its choice of law provisions, and the parties agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in San Francisco, California. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of Your or others’ unauthorized access to or use of the Services or content in violation of these terms You agree that We are entitled to apply for injunctive remedies (or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief) in any jurisdiction.
* Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be adjudged by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary to give effect to the mutual intent of the parties, and so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and remain enforceable between the parties.
* No waiver. Failure of either party to act in the event of a breach of this Agreement by the other shall not be deemed a waiver of such breach or a waiver of future breaches.
* Notices. Any notice given under this Agreement shall be in writing and in the English language and shall be emailed, if to Segment, or if to You, to the email or physical address associated with Your account. You hereby consent to receiving any notices relevant to the Services or this Agreement by email sent to the current email address of Your account and notices posted on the Site without requiring a handwritten signature for such notice to be effective.
* Force Majeure. Neither party shall be liable for failing or delaying performance of its obligations (except for the payment of money) resulting from any condition beyond its reasonable control, including but not limited to, governmental action, acts of terrorism, natural disasters, earthquake, fire, flood or other acts of God, labor conditions, power failures, and Internet disturbances.
* The Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Customer and Segment with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes and replaces any prior or contemporaneous understandings and agreements, whether written or oral, with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.
* Any claim related to these Terms of Service, the Site(s) or the Service must be brought within one year. The one-year period begins on the date when the claim first could be filed. If it is not filed, then that claim is permanently barred. This applies to You and Your successors.
* If You are a California resident, then in accordance with Cal. Civ. Code §1789.3, You may report any complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 400 R Street, Sacramento, CA 95814, or by telephone at 1-800-952-5210.
* Segment and Customer are not legal partners or agents, but are independent contractors.
* There are no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement.
* The parties agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is specifically excluded from application to this Agreement.
* All waivers and modifications must be in a writing signed on behalf of both parties by their duly authorized representatives, except as otherwise provided herein. No waiver of any breach shall constitute a waiver of any other breach.
* Notice to US Government End Users. For U.S. Government procurements, Software is a commercial computer software as defined in FAR 12.212 and subject to restricted rights as defined in FAR Section 52.227-19 "Commercial Computer Software - Restricted Rights" and DFARS 227.7202, "Rights in Commercial Computer Software or Commercial Computer Software Documentation", as applicable, and any successor regulations. Any use, modification, reproduction release, performance, display or disclosure of the Software by the U.S. Government must be in accordance with license rights and restrictions described in these terms.

## 12. Contacting Us

If You have any questions or concerns at all about Our Terms of Service, please feel free to [email us][email]! And You can also always contact us via snail mail if You’re feeling old-fashioned:

Segment.io, Inc. <br/>
101 15th St<br/>
San Francisco, CA 94103
