---
title: LiveIntent Audiences Destination
beta: true
hide-device: true
hide-settings: true
hide-cmodes: true
id: 614b4ae2c23ae1523e9d5bef
---
LiveIntent Audiences supports audiences generated by Segment Personas as a user property. To use this destination, you need to have Segment's Business Tier plan which gives you access to [Personas](/docs/personas/).

If you don't have access to Personas but still want to send data to LiveIntent, you can use the [Page](/docs/connections/spec/page/), [Screen](/docs/connections/spec/screen/), [Track](/docs/connections/spec/track/), [Identify](/docs/connections/spec/identify/), and [Group](/docs/connections/spec/group/) calls. For more information about sending your data to LiveIntent via direct calls (to Page, Screen, Track, Identify, and Group), please reach out to your LiveIntent customer success representative.

LiveIntent maintains this destination. For more information about this destination, [contact the LiveIntent Support team](mailto:support@liveintent.com).

## Getting Started

{% include content/connection-modes.md %}

Before getting started, you need to request an API Key and AppId by sending an email to LiveIntent support at `support@liveintent.com`.

Once you have your API Key and APP ID: 
1. Navigate to the Destinations catalog page in the Segment App and click **Add Destination**.
2. Search for **LiveIntent** in the Destinations Catalog, and select the LiveIntent Audiences destination.
3. Choose which Source should send data to the LiveIntent Audiences destination.
4. Enter the API Key and AppId that you received from LiveIntent in the LiveIntent Audiences destination settings page in Segment.

When you set up this destination for a Segment Personas audience, provide the snake_cased version of the audience name in the Audience settings. You can send audiences generated using Segment Personas to this destination as a user property. If no corresponding audience exists in LiveIntent's platform, one will automatically create.

## Settings

| Setting   | Description                                                                                                                                                                |
| --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| API Key   | Request from LiveIntent                                                                                                                                                    |
| AppId     | Request from Liveintent                                                                                                                                                    |
| Audiences | If you use this destination for an audience generated using Segment Personas, specify the snake-cased name of the Segment audience; otherwise, the setting is invalid |

---
