---
title: Segment Premium Online Terms of Service - 2019
hidden: true
hide-feedback: true
---

**SEGMENT PREMIUM ONLINE CUSTOMER AGREEMENT**

_Last Updated June 22nd, 2019_

This Segment Premium Online Customer Agreement ("**Agreement**") is entered into
by and between Segment.io, Inc. ("**Segment**") and the entity or person placing
an order for or accessing the Services ("**Customer**" or "**you**"). This
Agreement consists of the terms and conditions set forth below and any Segment
Order Form (as defined below). If you are accessing or using the Services on
behalf of your company, you represent that you are authorized to accept this
Agreement on behalf of your company, and all references to "you" or "Customer"
reference your company.

The "**Effective Date**" of this Agreement is the date which is the earlier of
(a) Customer's initial access to the Services (as defined below) through any
online provisioning, registration or order process or (b) the effective date of
the first Order Form referencing this Agreement. This Agreement will govern
Customer's initial purchase on the Effective Date as well as any future
purchases made by Customer that reference this Agreement.

**Modifications**: You acknowledge and agree that Segment may modify the terms and conditions of this Agreement in accordance with Section 14 (Modifications to Agreement).

**BY INDICATING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY ALL TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND NOTICES CONTAINED OR REFERENCED IN THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS AGREEMENT, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICES. FOR CLARITY, EACH PARTY EXPRESSLY AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS LEGALLY BINDING UPON IT.**

---

1. **SEGMENT SERVICES.** Segment offers a suite of Services for data
integration, data governance and audience management, as further described below
and in the Documentation.

   1.1. **Overview**. Segment's "**Connections**" Service acts as a central hub
   for Customer Data, allowing Customer to collect Customer Data from its
   selected sources ("**Sources**"), such as its own or third-party websites or
   properties, and send the Customer Data to Customer's chosen destinations
   ("**Destinations**"), such as Customer's databases or its accounts with
   third-party applications or services, for Customer's further use. The
   supported Sources and Destinations are identified in the Documentation. For
   Sources owned or controlled by Customers ("**Customer Properties**"),
   Customer enables the collection of Customer Data by implementing Segment's
   JavaScript, SDK or other code ("**Segment Code**") on such Customer
   Properties. As further described below and in the Documentation, Customer
   maintains control over which Sources and Destinations it uses with the
   Services, as well as the types and content of Customer Data it shares between
   its Sources and Destinations.

   1.2. **Additional Services**. If included on an Order Form, Customer may also
   receive access to additional Segment services that may be used with
   Connections (e.g. Personas or Protocols). The features of any additional
   services are further described in the applicable Order Form. For clarity, any
   additional services are considered part of the Services for purposes of this
   Agreement.

   1.3. **Definitions**

   "**Customer Data**" means any data that Customer submits to the Services,
   including data that it collects from Customer Properties or retrieves from
   other Sources through the Services, including as may be incorporated in any
   Customer reports or output generated by the Services. Customer Data does
   not, however, include any Segment or third-party templates, technology or
   data.

   "**Documentation**" means the end user technical documentation provided with
   the Services, as may be modified from time to time.

   "**Laws**" means all applicable local, state, federal and international
   laws, regulations and conventions, including those related to data privacy
   and data transfer, international communications, and the exportation of
   technical or personal data.

   "**Order Form**" means any ordering documents, online registration, order
   descriptions or order confirmations referencing this Agreement.

   "**Sensitive Personal Information**" means any of the following: (i) credit,
   debit or other payment card data subject to the Payment Card Industry Data
   Security Standards ("**PCI DSS**"), or other financial account numbers or
   credentials; (ii) patient, medical or other protected health information
   regulated by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
   ("**HIPAA**"); (iii) social security numbers, driver's license numbers or
   other government ID numbers; (iv) any information deemed to be "special
   categories of data" of an EU resident (as defined in European Union
   Regulation 2016/679); or (v) other personal or sensitive information subject
   to regulation or protection under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, Children's
   Online Privacy Protection Act or similar foreign or domestic Laws.

   "**Service(s)**" means the specific Segment proprietary hosted service(s)
   (e.g. Connections, Protocols, Personas) specified on an Order Form,
   including any related Segment dashboards, APIs and Segment Code. "Services"
   do not include Technical Services.

   "**Technical Services**" means premium support, implementation or other
   technical services provided by Segment, as set forth in an Order Form.

   1.4. **Provision of the Services.** The Services are provided on a
   subscription basis for a set term designated on the Order Form (each, a
   "**Subscription Term**"). Customer shall purchase and Services (as further
   described in Section 9 below) as specified in the applicable Order Form.

   1.5. **Access to the Services**. During the Subscription Term, Customer may
   access and use the Services for its internal business operations, subject to
   this Agreement, the Documentation, and any scope of use restrictions on the
   applicable Order Form. This includes the right to implement Segment Code on
   Customer Properties in order to collect Customer Data for use with the
   Services. Access to the Services is limited to Customer's employees and
   contractors acting for the sole benefit of Customer ("**Permitted Users**").
   Customer and its Permitted Users may need to register for a Segment account
   in order to access or use the Services. Account registration information must
   be accurate, current and complete, and will be governed by [Segment's Privacy Policy](https://segment.com/docs/legal/privacy/).
   Customer is responsible for any use of the Services by its Permitted Users
   and their compliance with this Agreement.  Customer shall keep confidential
   its user IDs and passwords for the Services and remain responsible for any
   actions taken through its accounts.

   1.6. **Use Restrictions**. Customer shall not (and shall not permit any third
   party to): (a) rent, lease, provide access to or sublicense the Services to a
   third party; (b) use the Services to provide, or incorporate the Services
   into, any product or service provided to a third party; (c) use the Services
   to develop a similar or competing product or service; (d) reverse engineer,
   decompile, disassemble, or otherwise seek to obtain the source code or
   non-public APIs to the Services, except to the extent expressly permitted by
   applicable law (and then only upon advance notice to Segment); (e) copy,
   modify or create any derivative work of the Services or any Documentation;
   (f) remove or obscure any proprietary or other notices contained in the
   Services (including any reports or data printed from the Services); or (g)
   publicly disseminate performance information regarding the Services.

   1.7. **Storage and Processing of Customer Data**. Segment may store certain
   Customer Data submitted from Sources to enable various features and
   functionality of the Services, including for "replay" and re-sending of
   Customer Data to Destinations at Customer's direction. Customer acknowledges
   that Customer Data transmitted through the Services may be stored and
   processed by Segment in the United States or in other countries as approved
   or directed by Customer (e.g., through Customer's selection of a regional
   option through the Services). For clarity, nothing in this Section 1.7
   prohibits Segment from transmitting Customer Data to Customer's designated
   Destinations as part of the Services.

   1.8. **Beta Releases.** From time to time, Segment may grant Customer
   access to "alpha", "beta", or other early-stage products (" **Beta Releases**"). While Segment may provide assistance with Beta Releases in its
   discretion, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
   CUSTOMER AGREES THAT ANY BETA RELEASE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS
   AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, SUPPORT, MAINTENANCE, STORAGE, OR
   SERVICE LEVEL OBLIGATIONS OF ANY KIND. CUSTOMER FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND
   AGREES THAT BETA RELEASES MAY NOT BE COMPLETE OR FULLY FUNCTIONAL AND MAY
   CONTAIN BUGS, ERRORS, OMISSIONS, AND OTHER PROBLEMS FOR WHICH SEGMENT WILL
   NOT BE RESPONSIBLE. Segment makes no promises that future versions of a Beta
   Release will be released. Segment may condition Customer's access to certain
   Beta Releases on Customer's agreement to additional Beta Release terms and
   conditions. Segment may terminate Customer's right to use any Beta Release
   at any time for any reason or no reason in Segment's sole discretion,
   without liability.  

2. **Customer OBLIGATIONS**

   2.1. **Data Collection**. Subject to this Agreement and as further
   described in the Documentation, Customer may configure the Customer Data
   elements to be collected from Sources and shared with different
   Destinations. In some instances, as referenced in the Services dashboard and
   Documentation, enabling a third-party Destination involves implementing the
   third-party provider's own SDK or code on Customer Properties. As a result,
   in these cases, certain default data designated by that Destination's
   provider may be sent directly to Customer's accounts with that Destination,
   rather than passing through the Services.

   2.2. **Rights in Customer Data**. Customer is solely responsible for the
   accuracy, content and legality of all Customer Data. Customer represents and
   warrants to Segment that (1) Customer will comply with all applicable Laws
   in its use of the Services (including, if applicable, the California Online
   Privacy Protection Act, European Union Regulation 2016/679 and similar Laws
   governing cross-site tracking or automated decision-making) and (2) Customer
   has provided all disclosures and obtained all necessary rights, consents and
   permissions to collect, share and use Customer Data as contemplated in this
   Agreement (including granting Segment the rights in Section 4.1 and
   Customer's building, tracking, using or sharing of any user profiles, traits
   or audiences), without violation or infringement of (i) any third party
   intellectual property, publicity, privacy or other rights, (ii) any Laws, or
   (iii) any terms of service, privacy policies or other agreement governing
   the Customer Properties or Customer's accounts with third-party Sources or
   Destinations. By enabling use of the Services with any Source or
   Destination, Customer authorizes Segment to access Customer's accounts with
   such Source or Destination for the purposes described in this Agreement. In
   addition, in order to provide the Services to Customer and improve Segment's
   integrations with Sources and Destinations, Segment may also disclose
   Customer's status as a Segment customer and related Technical Services data
   to the providers of Customer's Sources and Destinations.

   2.3. **No Sensitive Personal Information**. Customer specifically agrees not
   to use the Services to collect, store, process or transmit any Sensitive
   Personal Information. Customer acknowledges that Segment is not a Business
   Associate or subcontractor (as those terms are defined in HIPAA) or a
   payment card processor and that the Services is neither HIPAA nor PCI DSS
   compliant. Segment shall have no liability under this Agreement for
   Sensitive Personal Information, notwithstanding anything to the contrary
   herein.

   2.4. **Indemnification by Customer**. Customer shall indemnify, defend and
   hold harmless Segment from and against any and all third-party claims,
   costs, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable
   attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of or in connection with any Customer
   Data or breach or alleged breach by Customer of Sections 2.2 (Rights in
   Customer Data) or 2.3 (No Sensitive Personal Information). This
   indemnification obligation is subject to Customer receiving (i) prompt
   written notice of such claim (but in any event notice in sufficient time for
   Customer to respond without prejudice); (ii) the exclusive right to control
   and direct the investigation, defense, or settlement of such claim; and
   (iii) all reasonably necessary cooperation of Segment (at Customer's expense
   for reasonable out-of-pocket costs).

3. **SECURITY**. Segment agrees to use commercially reasonable technical and
organizational measures designed to prevent unauthorized access, use, alteration
or disclosure of the Services or Customer Data, as further described in
[Segment's Information Security Policy](/docs/legal/premium-tos-security/)
However, Segment shall have no responsibility for errors in transmission,
unauthorized third-party access or other causes beyond Segment's control.

4. **OWNERSHIP**

   4.1. **Customer Data**. As between the parties, Customer shall retain all
   right, title and interest (including any and all intellectual property
   rights) in and to the Customer Data as provided to Segment. Subject to the
   terms of this Agreement, Customer hereby grants to Segment a non-exclusive,
   worldwide, royalty-free right to use, copy, store, transmit, modify, create
   derivative works of and display the Customer Data solely to the extent
   necessary to provide the Services to Customer during the Subscription Term.

   4.2. **Segment Technology**. This is a subscription agreement for access to
   and use of the Services. Customer agrees that Segment or its suppliers
   retain all right, title and interest (including all patent, copyright,
   trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property rights) in and to
   the Services, all Documentation, Technical Services deliverables and any and
   all related and underlying technology and documentation and any derivative
   works, modifications or improvements of any of the foregoing, including as
   may incorporate Feedback (as defined below). Except as expressly set forth
   in this Agreement, no rights in the Services or any Segment technology are
   granted to Customer.

   4.3. **Feedback**. Customer, from time to time, may submit comments,
   questions, suggestions or other feedback relating to any Segment product or
   service to Segment ("**Feedback**"). Segment may freely use or exploit
   Feedback in connection with any of its products or services.

   4.4. **Usage Data.** Segment may generate Usage Data to operate, improve,
   analyze and support the Services, for benchmarking and reporting and for
   Segment's other lawful business purposes. However, Segment will not disclose
   Usage Data externally, including in benchmarks or reports, unless it has
   been (1) de-identified so that it does not individually identify Customer,
   its Permitted Users, users of the Customer Properties or any other person or
   entity and (2) aggregated with usage data across other Segment customers.
   "**Usage Data**" means Segment's technical logs, data and learnings about
   Customer's use of the Services (e.g., frequency of logins, volume of
   Customer Data collected or sent to Destinations).  For clarity, Usage Data
   does not include Customer Data.

5. **FEES AND PAYMENT**

   5.1. **Subscription Term and Renewals**. Unless otherwise specified on the
   applicable Order Form, each Subscription Term shall automatically renew for
   additional twelve (12) month periods unless either party gives the other
   written notice of termination at least thirty (30) days prior to expiration
   of the then-current Subscription Term.

   5.2. **Fees and Payment**. All fees are as set forth in the applicable Order
   Form and shall be paid by Customer within thirty (30) days of invoice,
   unless otherwise specified in the applicable Order Form. Except as expressly
   set forth in Section 7 (Limited Warranty), Section 11 (Indemnification),
   Section 14 (Modifications) and the [Service Level and Support Policy](/docs/legal/premium-tos-sla/), all fees are non-refundable. Segment reserves the
   right to increase the rates specified in the Order Form upon any renewal of
   a Subscription Term. Any late payments shall be subject to a service charge
   equal to 1.5% per month of the amount due or the maximum amount allowed by
   law, whichever is less.

   5.3. **Taxes**. Segment's fees are exclusive of all taxes, levies, or duties
   imposed by taxing authorities, including for example, value-added, sales,
   use or withholding taxes, assessable by any jurisdiction whatsoever
   (collectively, "**Taxes**") and Customer shall be responsible for payment of
   all Taxes associated with this Agreement and all Order Forms, except that
   Segment is solely responsible for taxes assessable against Segment based on
   Segment's net income, property, and employees. If any deduction or
   withholding is required by law, Customer shall notify Segment and shall pay
   Segment any additional amounts necessary to ensure that the net amount that
   Segment receives, after any deduction and withholding, equals the amount
   Segment would have received if no deduction or withholding had been
   required.

   5.4. **Overages**. If Customer exceeds its permitted usage in any month of a
   Subscription Term as specified in an Order Form, Segment reserves the right
   to charge overage fees in respect of such excess usage at the applicable
   overage rates set forth in the Order Form. Customer will pay any overage
   fees monthly in arrears.

6. **TERM AND TERMINATION; SUSPENSION**

   6.1. **Term**. This Agreement is effective as of the Effective Date and
   expires on the date of expiration or termination of all Subscription Terms.

   6.2. **Termination for Cause**. Either party may terminate this Agreement
   (including all related Order Forms) if the other party (a) fails to cure any
   material breach of this Agreement (including a failure to pay fees) within
   thirty (30) days after written notice; (b) ceases operation without a
   successor; or (c) seeks protection under any bankruptcy, receivership, trust
   deed, creditors' arrangement, composition, or comparable proceeding, or if
   any such proceeding is instituted against that party (and not dismissed
   within sixty (60) days thereafter).

   6.3. **Suspension of Services**. Without limiting Segment's termination or
   other rights hereunder, Segment reserves the right to suspend Customer's
   access to the Services (and any related services) in whole or in part,
   without liability to Customer: (i) if Customer's account is thirty (30) days
   or more overdue; (ii) for Customer's breach of Sections 1.6 (Use
   Restrictions) or 3 (Customer Obligations); or (iii) to prevent harm to other
   customers or third parties or to preserve the security, availability or
   integrity of the Services. When practicable, Segment will use reasonable
   efforts to provide Customer with advance notice of the suspension (email
   sufficing). Unless this Agreement has been terminated, Segment will
   cooperate to restore Customer's access to the Services promptly after
   Segment verifies that Customer has resolved the issue requiring suspension.

   6.4. **Effect of Termination**. Upon any expiration or termination of this
   Agreement, Customer shall immediately cease any and all use of and access to
   the Services (including any and all related Segment technology), cease
   distributing any Segment Code installed on Customer Properties, and delete
   (or, at Segment's request, return) any and all copies of the Documentation,
   any Segment passwords or access codes and any other Segment Confidential
   Information in its possession. Customer acknowledges that following
   termination it shall have no further access to any Customer Data in the
   Services, and that Segment may delete any such data as may have been stored
   by Segment at any time. Upon any expiration or termination of this
   Agreement, Segment shall delete all Customer Data within sixty (60) days
   after receipt of Customer's written request. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
   Customer understands that Segment may retain copies of Customer Data in
   regular backups or as required by Laws, which will remain subject to the
   security standards in Section 3 (Security). Except where an exclusive remedy
   is specified, the exercise of either party of any remedy under this
   Agreement, including termination, will be without prejudice to any other
   remedies it may have under this Agreement, by law or otherwise.

   6.5. **Survival**. The following Sections shall survive any expiration or
   termination of this Agreement: 1.5 (Use Restrictions), the disclaimers in
   Section 81. (Beta Releases), 2.4 (Indemnification by Customer), 4
   (Ownership), 5 (Fees and Payment), 6 (Term and Termination; Suspension), 7.2
   (Warranty Disclaimer), 9 (Limitation of Remedies and Damages), 11
   (Indemnification), 12 (Confidential Information), 14 (Modifications to
   Agreement) and 15 (General Terms).

7. **LIMITED WARRANTY**

   7.1. **Limited Warranty**. Segment warrants, for Customer's benefit only,
   that the Services will operate in substantial conformity with the applicable
   Documentation. Segment's sole liability (and Customer's sole and exclusive
   remedy) for any breach of this warranty shall be, at no charge to Customer,
   for Segment to use commercially reasonable efforts to correct the reported
   non-conformity, or if Segment determines such remedy to be impracticable,
   either party may terminate the applicable Subscription Term and Customer
   will receive as its sole remedy a refund of any fees Customer has pre-paid
   for use of the applicable Services for the terminated portion of the
   applicable Subscription Term. The limited warranty set forth in this Section
   7.1 shall not apply: (i) unless Customer makes a claim within thirty (30)
   days of the date on which Customer first noticed the non-conformity, (ii) if
   the error was caused by misuse, unauthorized modifications or third-party
   hardware, software or services, or (iii) to Beta Releases or any use of the
   Service provided on a no-charge or evaluation basis.

   7.2. **Warranty Disclaimer**. EXCEPT FOR THE LIMITED WARRANTY IN SECTION
   7.1, THE SERVICES, TECHNICAL SERVICES and ALL RELATED SERVICES ARE PROVIDED
   "AS IS". NEITHER SEGMENT NOR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKES ANY OTHER WARRANTIES,
   EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
   WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR
   NONINFRINGEMENT. Segment does not warrant that Customer's use of THE
   SERVICEs will be uninterrupted or error-free, nor does Segment warrant that
   it will review the Customer Data for accuracy or that it will preserve or
   maintain the Customer Data without loss. CUSTOMER UNDERSTANDS THAT CUSTOMER
   DATA IS SHARED WITH DESTINATIONS AT CUSTOMER'S ELECTION AND SEGMENT TAKES NO
   RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY DESTINATION'S USE OR PROTECTION OF CUSTOMER DATA ONCE
   IT HAS BEEN SHARED. CUSTOMER UNDERSTANDS THAT IT IS RESPONSIBLE FOR PUTTING
   IN PLACE ANY CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS WITH DESTINATIONS REQUIRED BY LAWS.
   Segment SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DELAYS, INTERRUPTIONS, SERVICE FAILURES OR
   OTHER PROBLEMS INHERENT IN USE OF THE INTERNET AND ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
   OR OTHER SYSTEMS OUTSIDE THE REASONABLE CONTROL OF Segment. CUSTOMER MAY
   HAVE OTHER STATUTORY RIGHTS, BUT THE DURATION OF STATUTORILY REQUIRED
   WARRANTIES, IF ANY, SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE SHORTEST PERIOD PERMITTED BY
   LAW.

8. **Service Levels and support**. During the Subscription Term, the Services
will be subject to the Service Level and Support Policy described at
[here](/docs/legal/premium-tos-sla/).

9. **TECHNICAL SERVICES** Any purchased Technical Services will be as described
in the relevant Order Form, subject to the fees and any additional terms in the
Order Form. Customer will reimburse Segment for reasonable, pre-approved travel
and lodging expenses incurred in providing Technical Services. For prepaid
Technical Services, unless specified in the Order Form, Customer is paying for
the availability and efforts of Segment personnel over the time period specified
in the Order Form (e.g., up to eight hours in a week); any unused time expires
at the end of such period (or at maximum, six (6) months after purchase) and may
not be banked, accumulated or saved for future periods or purchases. To
facilitate Technical Services, Customer will provide Segment with access to
reasonably requested Customer Materials and cooperation and will designate an
internal project manager to serve as Segment's single point of contact.  If
Customer fails to do so, Segment's obligation to provide Technical Services will
be excused until Customer does. Segment will use Customer Materials only for
purposes of providing Technical Services. If Segment provides deliverables as
part of Technical Services, Customer may use the deliverables only as part of
its authorized use of the Services, subject to the same terms as for the
Services in Section 1 (Segment Services) and Section 2 (Customer Obligations).

10. **Limitation of Remedies and Damages**

   10.1. **Consequential Damages Waiver**. EXCEPT FOR EXCLUDED CLAIMS (DEFINED
   BELOW), NEITHER PARTY (NOR ITS SUPPLIERS) SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY ARISING
   OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOST DATA, LOST
   PROFITS, FAILURE OF SECURITY MECHANISMS, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, OR ANY
   INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, RELIANCE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY
   KIND, EVEN IF INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES IN ADVANCE.

   10.2. **Liability Cap**. EXCEPT FOR EXCLUDED CLAIMS, EACH PARTY'S (AND ITS
   SUPPLIERS') ENTIRE LIABILITY TO THE OTHER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS
   AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID OR PAYABLE BY CUSTOMER
   TO SEGMENT DURING THE PRIOR TWELVE (12) MONTHS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

   10.3. **Excluded Claims**. "**Excluded Claims**" means (a) any claim arising
   from Customer's breach of Sections 1.5 (Use Restrictions), 2.2 (Rights in
   Customer Data) or 2.3 (No Sensitive Personal Information); or (b) any
   amounts payable to third parties pursuant to Customer's indemnification
   obligations under Section 2.4 (Indemnification by Customer) or Segment's
   indemnification obligations under Section 11 (Indemnification).

   10.4. **Nature of Claims and Failure of Essential Purpose**. The parties
   agree that the waivers and limitations specified in this Section 10 apply
   regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, tort (including
   negligence), strict liability or otherwise and will survive and apply even
   if any limited remedy specified in this Agreement is found to have failed of
   its essential purpose.

11. **INDEMNIFICATION**. Segment shall defend Customer from and against any
claim by a third party alleging that the Services when used as authorized under
this Agreement infringes a U.S. patent or any copyright or trademark and shall
indemnify and hold harmless Customer from and against any damages and costs
awarded against Customer or agreed in settlement by Segment (including
reasonable attorneys' fees) resulting from such claim, provided that Segment has
received from Customer: (i) prompt written notice of such claim (but in any
event notice in sufficient time for Segment to respond without prejudice); (ii)
the exclusive right to control and direct the investigation, defense and
settlement (if applicable) of such claim; and (iii) all reasonably necessary
cooperation of Customer (at Segment's expense for reasonable out-of-pocket
costs). If Customer's use of the Services is (or in Segment's opinion is likely
to be) enjoined, if required by settlement or if Segment determines such actions
are reasonably necessary to avoid material liability, Segment may, in its sole
discretion: (a) substitute substantially functionally similar products or
services; (b) procure for Customer the right to continue using the Services; or
if (a) and (b) are not commercially reasonable, (c) terminate the Agreement and
refund to Customer the fees paid by Customer for the portion of the Subscription
Term that was paid by Customer but not rendered by Segment. The foregoing
indemnification obligation of Segment shall not apply: (1) if the Services are
modified by any party other than Segment, but solely to the extent the alleged
infringement is caused by such modification; (2) if the Services are combined
with products or processes not provided by Segment, but solely to the extent the
alleged infringement is caused by such combination; (3) to any unauthorized use
of the Services; (4) to any action arising as a result of Customer Data or any
third-party deliverables or components contained within the Services; (5) if
Customer settles or makes any admissions with respect to a claim without
Segment's prior written consent; or (6) to Beta Releases or any use of the
Service provided on a no-charge or evaluation basis. THIS SECTION 11 SETS FORTH
Segment's AND ITS SUPPLIERS' SOLE LIABILITY AND CUSTOMER'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE
REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT.

12. **CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION**. Each party (as "**Receiving Party**") agrees
that all code, inventions, know-how, business, technical and financial
information it obtains from the disclosing party ("**Disclosing Party**")
constitute the confidential property of the Disclosing Party ("**Confidential Information**"), provided that it is identified as confidential at the time of
disclosure or should be reasonably known by the Receiving Party to be
confidential or proprietary due to the nature of the information disclosed and
the circumstances surrounding the disclosure. Any Segment technology,
performance information relating to the Services, and the terms and conditions
of this Agreement shall be deemed Confidential Information of Segment without
any marking or further designation. Except as expressly authorized herein, the
Receiving Party shall (1) hold in confidence and not disclose any Confidential
Information to third parties and (2) not use Confidential Information for any
purpose other than fulfilling its obligations and exercising its rights under
this Agreement. The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information to its
employees, agents, contractors and other representatives having a legitimate
need to know (including, for Segment, the subcontractors referenced in Section
15.10), provided that such representatives are bound to confidentiality
obligations no less protective of the Disclosing Party than this Section 12 and
that the Receiving Party remains responsible for compliance by any such
representative with the terms of this Section 12. The Receiving Party's
confidentiality obligations shall not apply to information that the Receiving
Party can document: (i) was rightfully in its possession or known to it prior to
receipt of the Confidential Information; (ii) is or has become public knowledge
through no fault of the Receiving Party; (iii) is rightfully obtained by the
Receiving Party from a third party without breach of any confidentiality
obligation; or (iv) is independently developed by employees of the Receiving
Party who had no access to such information. The Receiving Party may make
disclosures to the extent required by law or court order, provided the Receiving
Party notifies the Disclosing Party in advance and cooperates in any effort to
obtain confidential treatment. The Receiving Party acknowledges that disclosure
of Confidential Information would cause substantial harm for which damages alone
would not be a sufficient remedy, and therefore that upon any such disclosure by
the Receiving Party the Disclosing Party shall be entitled to seek appropriate
equitable relief in addition to whatever other remedies it might have at law.

13. **CO-MARKETING**. Customer agrees to participate in reasonable
   marketing activities that promote the benefits of the Services to
   other potential customers and to use of Customer's name and logo on
   Segment's web site and in Segment promotional materials. Customer
   agrees that Segment may disclose Customer as a customer of Segment.

14. **MODIFICATIONS**.

   14.1. **Modifications to this Agreement.** Segment may modify the terms and
   conditions of this Agreement (including Services pricing and plans) from
   time to time, with notice to Customer in accordance with Section 15.5
   (Notice). The modifications will take effect upon Customer's next Order Form
   or renewal unless Segment specifies otherwise (e.g., to account for new
   features or changes in law). If Segment specifies that the modification will
   take effect during Customer's then-current Subscription Term and Customer
   objects to the modifications in writing, then Segment (at its option and as
   Customer's exclusive remedy) may either: (a) permit Customer to continue
   under the prior version of this Agreement until expiration of the
   then-current Subscription Term (after which time the modified Agreement will
   apply) or (b) allow Customer to terminate this Agreement and receive a
   pro-rated refund of any fees Customer has pre-paid for use of the Services
   for the terminated portion of the applicable Subscription Term. To exercise
   this right, Customer must notify Segment of its objection within thirty (30)
   days of Segment's notice of the modifications.

   14.2. **Changes to Policies.** In addition, Segment may modify the Service
   Level and Support Policy and Information Security Policy from time to time
   to reflect process improvements or changing practices (but the modifications
   will not materially decrease Segment's obligations as compared to those in
   such policies as of the Effective Date). Policy modifications will apply
   automatically on the effective date specified by Segment and the Customer
   objection procedures above will not apply.

15. **GENERAL TERMS**

   15.1. **Assignment**. This Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of
   each party's permitted successors and assigns. Neither party may assign this
   Agreement without the advance written consent of the other party, except
   that either party may assign this Agreement in connection with a merger,
   reorganization, acquisition or other transfer of all or substantially all of
   such party's assets or voting securities (any of the foregoing, a "**Change
   of Control**"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Change of
   Control by Customer: (a) Customer shall provide written notice to Segment of
   any such Change of Control either before or within five (5) days after its
   taking effect, and (b) the assignee agrees in writing to assume all of the
   obligations of Customer under this Agreement. Any attempt to transfer or
   assign this Agreement except as expressly authorized under this Section 15.1
   will be null and void.

   15.2. **Severability**. If any provision of this Agreement shall be adjudged
   by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid, that
   provision shall be limited to the minimum extent necessary so that this
   Agreement shall otherwise remain in effect.

   15.3. **Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue**. This Agreement shall be
   governed by the laws of the State of California and the United States
   without regard to conflicts of laws provisions thereof, and without regard
   to the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods. The
   jurisdiction and venue for actions related to the subject matter hereof
   shall be the state and United States federal courts located in San
   Francisco, California and both parties hereby submit to the personal
   jurisdiction of such courts.

   15.4. **Attorneys' Fees and Costs**. The prevailing party in any action to
   enforce this Agreement will be entitled to recover its attorneys' fees and
   costs in connection with such action.

   15.5. **Notice**. Any notice or communication to Segment that is required or
   permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing to Segment at the address
   set forth in Section 15.6 (Segment Contact Information) below or at such
   other address as directed by Segment, and shall be deemed to have been
   received by Segment (i) if given by hand, immediately upon receipt; (ii) if
   given by overnight courier service, the first business day following
   dispatch or (iii) if given by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid
   and return receipt requested, the second business day after such notice is
   deposited in the mail. Segment may send notices to Customer through
   Customer's email on file or through the Services. All notices given to
   Customer shall be deemed to have been received by Customer upon delivery.

   15.6. **Segment Contact Information**. Any Customer questions, complaints or claims regarding the Services should be sent to the following address:

    Segment.io, Inc.
    100 California Street, Suite 700
    San Francisco, CA 94111

   15.7. **Waivers**. No waiver will be implied from conduct or failure to
   enforce or exercise rights under this Agreement, nor will any waiver be
   effective unless in a writing signed by a duly authorized representative on
   behalf of the party claimed to have waived. No provision of any purchase
   order or other business form employed by Customer will supersede the terms
   and conditions of this Agreement, and any such document relating to this
   Agreement shall be for administrative purposes only and shall have no legal
   effect.

   15.6. **Entire Agreement; Interpretation**. This Agreement is the complete
   and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties
   and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements
   and communications relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.
   In this Agreement, headings are for convenience only and **"including", "e.g.", and similar terms will be construed without limitation.** Customer acknowledges that the Services are on-line,
   subscription-based products, and that in order to provide improved
   customer experience Segment may make changes to the Services, and
   Segment will update the applicable Documentation accordingly.

   15.7. **Force Majeure**. Neither party shall be liable to the other for
   any delay or failure to perform any obligation under this Agreement
   (except for a failure to pay fees) if the delay or failure is due to
   unforeseen events that occur after the signing of this Agreement and
   that are beyond the reasonable control of such party, such as a
   strike, blockade, war, act of terrorism, riot, natural disaster,
   failure or diminishment of power or telecommunications or data
   networks or services, or refusal of a license by a government
   agency.

   15.8. **Subcontractors**. Segment may use the services of subcontractors
   and permit them to exercise the rights granted to Segment in order
   to provide the Services and Technical Services under this Agreement.
   These subcontractors may include, for example, Segment's hosting,
   infrastructure and CDN providers. Segment remains responsible for
   compliance of any such subcontractor with the terms of this
   Agreement and the overall performance of the Services as required
   under this Agreement.

   15.9. **Subpoenas**. Nothing in this Agreement prevents Segment from
   disclosing Customer Data to the extent required by law, subpoenas,
   or court orders, but Segment shall use commercially reasonable
   efforts to notify Customer where permitted to do so.

   15.10. **Independent Contractors**. The parties to this Agreement are
   independent contractors. There is no relationship of partnership,
   joint venture, employment, franchise or agency created hereby
   between the parties. Neither party will have the power to bind the
   other or incur obligations on the other party's behalf without the
   other party's prior written consent.

   15.11. **Export Control**. In its use of the Services, Customer agrees to
   comply with all export and import laws and regulations of the United
   States and other applicable jurisdictions. Without limiting the
   foregoing, (i) Customer represents and warrants that it is not
   listed on any U.S. government list of prohibited or restricted
   parties or located in (or a national of) a country that is subject
   to a U.S. government embargo or that has been designated by the U.S.
   government as a "terrorist supporting" country, (ii) Customer shall
   not (and shall not permit any of its users to) access or use the
   Services in violation of any U.S. export embargo, prohibition or
   restriction, and (iii) Customer shall not submit to the Services any
   information that is controlled under the U.S. International Traffic
   in Arms Regulations.

   15.12. **Government End-Users.** Elements of the Services are commercial
   computer software. **If the user or licensee of the Services is an agency, department, or other entity of the United States Government, the use, duplication, reproduction, release, modification, disclosure, or transfer of the Services, or any related documentation of any kind, including technical data and manuals, is restricted by a license agreement or by the terms of this Agreement in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation 12.212 for civilian purposes and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement 227.7202 for military purposes. The Services were developed fully at private expense. All other use is prohibited**.
