---
title: Segment Premium Online Terms of Service
hide-feedback: true
hidden: true
---

[email](mailto:legal@segment.com)

_Effective Dec 19th, 2019_

[Prior versions available here](/docs/legal/premium-tos-updates/)


**SEGMENT PREMIUM ONLINE CUSTOMER AGREEMENT**

This Segment Premium Online Customer Agreement ("**Agreement**") is
entered into by and between Segment.io, Inc. ("**Segment**") and\
the entity or person placing an order for or accessing the Services
("**Customer**" or "**you**"). This Agreement consists of the terms and
conditions set forth below, any exhibits or addenda identified below and
any ordering documents, online registration, order descriptions or order
confirmations referencing this Agreement ("**Order Forms**"). If you are
accessing or using the Services on behalf of your company, you represent
that you are authorized to accept this Agreement on behalf of your
company, and all references to "you" or "Customer" reference your
company.

The "**Effective** **Date**" of this Agreement is the date which is the
earlier of (a) Customer's initial access to the Services (as defined
below) through any online provisioning, registration or order process or
(b) the effective date of the first Order Form referencing this
Agreement. This Agreement will govern Customer's initial purchase on the
Effective Date as well as any future purchases made by Customer that
reference this Agreement.

**Modifications**: You acknowledge and agree that Segment may modify the
terms and conditions of this Agreement in accordance with Section 15
(Modifications).

**BY INDICATING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ACCESSING OR USING
THE SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY ALL TERMS, CONDITIONS AND
NOTICES CONTAINED OR REFERENCED IN THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE
TO THIS AGREEMENT, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICES. FOR CLARITY, EACH
PARTY EXPRESSLY AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS LEGALLY BINDING UPON IT.**

---

1.  **SEGMENT SERVICES.** Segment offers a suite of Services for data
    integration, data governance and audience management, as further
    described below and in the Documentation.

    1.  **Overview**. Segment's "**Connections**" Service acts as a
        central hub for Customer Data, allowing Customer to collect
        Customer Data from its selected sources ("**Sources**"), such as
        its own or third-party websites or properties, and send the
        Customer Data to Customer's chosen destinations
        ("**Destinations**"), such as Customer's databases or its
        accounts with third-party applications or services, for
        Customer's further use. The supported Sources and Destinations
        are identified in the Documentation. For Sources owned or
        controlled by Customers ("**Customer Properties**"), Customer
        enables the collection of Customer Data by implementing
        Segment's JavaScript, SDK or other code ("**Segment Code**") on
        such Customer Properties.  As further described below and in the
        Documentation, Customer maintains control over which Sources and
        Destinations it uses with the Services, as well as the types and
        content of Customer Data it shares between its Sources and
        Destinations.

    2.  **Additional Services**. If included on an Order Form, Customer
        may also receive access to additional Segment services that may
        be used with Connections (e.g. Personas or Protocols). The
        features of any additional services are further described in the
        applicable Order Form. For clarity, any additional services are
        considered part of the Services for purposes of this Agreement.

    3.  **Definitions**

        "**Customer Data**" means any data that Customer submits to the
        Services, including data that it collects from Customer Properties or
        retrieves from other Sources through the Services, including as may be
        incorporated in any Customer reports or output generated by the
        Services. Customer Data does not, however, include any Segment or
        third-party templates, technology or data.

        "**Customer Materials**" means materials, systems and other resources
        that Customer provides to Segment in connection with Technical Services.

        "**Documentation**" means the end user technical documentation provided
        with the Services, as may be modified from time to time.

        "**Laws**" means all applicable local, state, federal and international
        laws, regulations and conventions, including those related to data
        privacy and data transfer, international communications, and the
        exportation of technical or personal data.

        "**Sensitive Personal Information**" means any of the following: (i)
        credit, debit or other payment card data subject to the Payment Card
        Industry Data Security Standards ("**PCI DSS**"), or other financial
        account numbers or credentials; (ii) patient, medical or other protected
        health information regulated by the Health Insurance Portability and
        Accountability Act ("**HIPAA**"); (iii) social security numbers,
        driver's license numbers or other government ID numbers; (iv) any
        information deemed to be "special categories of data" of an EU resident
        (as defined in European Union Regulation 2016/679); or (v) other
        personal or sensitive information subject to regulation or protection
        under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, Children's Online Privacy Protection
        Act or similar foreign or domestic Laws.

        "**Service(s)**" means the specific Segment proprietary hosted
        service(s) (e.g. Connections, Protocols, Personas) specified on an Order
        Form, including any related Segment dashboards, APIs and Segment Code.
        "Services" do not include Technical Services.

        "**Technical Services**" means premium support, implementation or other
        technical services provided by Segment, as set forth in an Order Form.

        "**Usage Data**" means Segment's technical logs, account and login data,
        data and learnings about Customer's use of the Services (e.g., frequency
        of logins, volume of Customer Data collected or sent to Destinations). 
        For clarity, Usage Data does not include Customer Data.

    4.  **Provision of the Services**. The Services are provided on a
        subscription basis for a set term designated on the Order Form
        (each, a "**Subscription Term**"). Customer shall purchase and
        Segment shall provide the Services and any related Technical
        Services (as further described in Section 9 below) as specified in
        the applicable Order Form.

    5.  **Access to the Services**. During the Subscription Term, Customer
        may access and use the Services for its internal business
        operations, subject to this Agreement, the Documentation, and any
        scope of use restrictions on the applicable Order Form.  This
        includes the right to implement Segment Code on Customer Properties
        in order to collect Customer Data for use with the Services. Access
        to the Services is limited to Customer's employees and contractors
        acting for the sole benefit of Customer ("**Permitted Users**").
        Customer and its Permitted Users may need to register for a Segment
        account in order to access or use the Services. Account registration
        information must be accurate, current and complete, and will be
        governed by Segment's Privacy Policy (currently available at
        <https://segment.com/docs/legal/privacy/>). Customer is responsible
        for any use of the Services by its Permitted Users and their
        compliance with this Agreement.  Customer shall keep confidential
        its user IDs and passwords for the Services and remain responsible
        for any actions taken through its accounts.

    6.  **Use Restrictions**. Customer shall not (and shall not permit any
        third party to): (a) rent, lease, provide access to or sublicense
        the Services to a third party; (b) use the Services to provide, or
        incorporate the Services into, any product or service provided to a
        third party; (c) use the Services to develop a similar or competing
        product or service; (d) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or
        otherwise seek to obtain the source code or non-public APIs to the
        Services, except to the extent expressly permitted by applicable law
        (and then only upon advance notice to Segment); (e) copy, modify or
        create any derivative work of the Services or any Documentation; (f)
        remove or obscure any proprietary or other notices contained in the
        Services (including any reports or data printed from the Services);
        or (g) publicly disseminate performance information regarding the
        Services.

    7.  **Storage and Processing of Customer Data**. During each
        Subscription Term, Segment may store certain Customer Data submitted
        from Sources to enable various features and functionality of the
        Services, including for "replay" and re-sending of Customer Data to
        Destinations at Customer's direction. Customer acknowledges that
        Customer Data transmitted through the Services may be stored and
        processed by Segment in the United States or in other countries as
        approved or directed by Customer (e.g., through Customer's selection
        of a regional option through the Services). For clarity, nothing in
        this Section 1.7 prohibits Segment from transmitting Customer Data
        to Customer's designated Destinations as part of the Services.

    8.  **Data Protection Addendum**. The parties agree to comply with the
        terms of the Data Protection Addendum attached as [Exhibit
        B]{.underline}.

2.  **Customer OBLIGATIONS**

    1.  **Data Collection**. Subject to this Agreement and as further
        described in the Documentation, Customer may configure the
        Customer Data elements to be collected from Sources and shared
        with different Destinations. In some instances, as referenced in
        the Services dashboard and Documentation, enabling a third-party
        Destination involves implementing the third-party provider's own
        SDK or code on Customer Properties. As a result, in these cases,
        certain default data designated by that Destination's provider
        may be sent directly to Customer's accounts with that
        Destination, rather than passing through the Services.

    2.  **Rights in Customer Data**. Customer is solely responsible for
        the accuracy, content and legality of all Customer Data.
        Customer represents and warrants to Segment that (1) Customer
        will comply with all applicable Laws in its use of the Services
        (including, if applicable, the California Online Privacy
        Protection Act, European Union Regulation 2016/679 and similar
        Laws governing cross-site tracking or automated decision-making)
        and (2) Customer has provided all disclosures and obtained all
        necessary rights, consents and permissions to collect, share and
        use Customer Data as contemplated in this Agreement (including
        granting Segment the rights in Section 4.1 and Customer's
        building, tracking, using or sharing of any user profiles,
        traits or audiences), without violation or infringement of (i)
        any third party intellectual property, publicity, privacy or
        other rights, (ii) any Laws, or (iii) any terms of service,
        privacy policies or other agreement governing the Customer
        Properties or Customer's accounts with third-party Sources or
        Destinations. By enabling use of the Services with any Source or
        Destination, Customer authorizes Segment to access Customer's
        accounts with such Source or Destination for the purposes
        described in this Agreement. In addition, in order to provide
        the Services to Customer and improve Segment's integrations with
        Sources and Destinations, Segment may also disclose Customer's
        status as a Segment customer and related technical Services data
        to the providers of Customer's Sources and Destinations.

    3.  **No Sensitive Personal Information**. Customer specifically
        agrees not to use the Services to collect, store, process or
        transmit any Sensitive Personal Information. Customer
        acknowledges that Segment is not a Business Associate or
        subcontractor (as those terms are defined in HIPAA) or a payment
        card processor and that the Services is neither HIPAA nor PCI
        DSS compliant. Segment shall have no liability under this
        Agreement for Sensitive Personal Information, notwithstanding
        anything to the contrary herein.

    4.  **Indemnification by Customer**. Customer shall indemnify,
        defend and hold harmless Segment from and against any and all
        third-party claims, costs, damages, losses, liabilities and
        expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs)
        arising out of or in connection with any Customer Materials,
        Customer Data or breach or alleged breach by Customer of
        Sections 2.2 (Rights in Customer Data) or 2.3 (No Sensitive
        Personal Information). This indemnification obligation is
        subject to Customer receiving (i) prompt written notice of such
        claim (but in any event notice in sufficient time for Customer
        to respond without prejudice); (ii) the exclusive right to
        control and direct the investigation, defense, or settlement of
        such claim; and (iii) all reasonably necessary cooperation of
        Segment (at Customer's expense for reasonable out-of-pocket
        costs).

3.  **SECURITY**. Segment agrees to use commercially reasonable
    technical and organizational measures designed to prevent
    unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure of the Services
    or Customer Data, as further described in Segment's Information
    Security Policy attached as [Exhibit A]{.underline}. However,
    Segment shall have no responsibility for errors in transmission,
    unauthorized third-party access or other causes beyond Segment's
    control.

4.  **OWNERSHIP**

    1.  **Customer Data**. As between the parties, Customer shall retain
        all right, title and interest (including any and all
        intellectual property rights) in and to the Customer Data as
        provided to Segment. Subject to the terms of this Agreement,
        Customer hereby grants to Segment a non-exclusive, worldwide,
        royalty-free right to use, copy, store, transmit, modify, create
        derivative works of and display the Customer Data solely to the
        extent necessary to provide the Services to Customer during the
        Subscription Term.

    2.  **Segment Technology**. This is a subscription agreement for
        access to and use of the Services. Customer agrees that Segment
        or its suppliers retain all right, title and interest (including
        all patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and other
        intellectual property rights) in and to the Services, all
        Documentation, Technical Services deliverables and any and all
        related and underlying technology and documentation and any
        derivative works, modifications or improvements of any of the
        foregoing, including as may incorporate Feedback (as defined
        below). Segment may generate Usage Data to operate, improve,
        analyze and support the Services, for benchmarking and reporting
        and for Segment's other lawful business purposes. Except as
        expressly set forth in this Agreement, no rights in the Services
        or any Segment technology are granted to Customer.

    3.  **Feedback**. Customer, from time to time, may submit comments,
        questions, suggestions or other feedback relating to any Segment
        product or service to Segment ("**Feedback**"). Segment may
        freely use or exploit Feedback in connection with any of its
        products or services.

5.  **Subscription Term, FEES & PAYMENT**

    1.  **Subscription Term and Renewals**. Unless otherwise specified
        on the applicable Order Form, each Subscription Term shall
        automatically renew for additional twelve (12) month periods
        unless either party gives the other written notice of
        termination at least thirty (30) days prior to expiration of the
        then-current Subscription Term.

    2.  **Fees and Payment**. All fees are as set forth in the
        applicable Order Form and shall be paid by Customer in
        accordance with the payment terms set forth in the Order Form.
        If no payment terms are specified in the Order Form, then the
        following default terms apply: (i) for monthly Subscription
        Terms, Customer will pay all fees at the end of the month
        and (ii) for annual Subscription Terms, Customer will pay all
        fees within thirty (30) days of invoice. Except as expressly set
        forth in Section 7 (Limited Warranty), Section 11
        (Indemnification), Section 15.1 (Modifications to this
        Agreement) and (if applicable) the Service Level and Support
        Policy, all fees are non-refundable. Segment reserves the right
        to increase the rates specified in the Order Form upon any
        renewal of a Subscription Term. Any late payments shall be
        subject to a service charge equal to 1.5% per month of the
        amount due or the maximum amount allowed by law, whichever is
        less.

    3.  **Taxes**. Segment's fees are exclusive of all taxes, levies, or
        duties imposed by taxing authorities, including for example,
        value-added, sales, use or withholding taxes, assessable by any
        jurisdiction whatsoever (collectively, "**Taxes**") and Customer
        shall be responsible for payment of all Taxes associated with
        this Agreement and all Order Forms, except that Segment is
        solely responsible for taxes assessable against Segment based on
        Segment's net income, property, and employees. If any deduction
        or withholding is required by law, Customer shall notify Segment
        and shall pay Segment any additional amounts necessary to ensure
        that the net amount that Segment receives, after any deduction
        and withholding, equals the amount Segment would have received
        if no deduction or withholding had been required.

    4.  **Overages**. If Customer exceeds its permitted usage in any
        month of a Subscription Term as specified in an Order Form,
        Segment reserves the right to charge overage fees in respect of
        such excess usage at the applicable overage rates set forth in
        the Order Form. Customer will pay any overage fees monthly in
        arrears.

6.  **TERM AND TERMINATION**

    1.  **Term**. This Agreement is effective as of the Effective Date
        and expires on the date of expiration or termination of all
        Subscription Terms.

    2.  **Termination for Cause**. Either party may terminate this
        Agreement (including all related Order Forms) if the other
        party (a) fails to cure any material breach of this Agreement
        (including a failure to pay fees) within thirty (30) days after
        written notice; (b) ceases operation without a successor; or (c)
        seeks protection under any bankruptcy, receivership, trust deed,
        creditors' arrangement, composition, or comparable proceeding,
        or if any such proceeding is instituted against that party (and
        not dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter).

    3.  **Suspension of Services**. Without limiting Segment's
        termination or other rights hereunder, Segment reserves the
        right to suspend Customer's access to the Services (and any
        related services) in whole or in part, without liability to
        Customer: (i) if Customer's account is thirty (30) days or more
        overdue; (ii) for Customer's breach of Sections 1.6 (Use
        Restrictions) or 2 (Customer Obligations); or (iii) to prevent
        harm to other customers or third parties or to preserve the
        security, availability or integrity of the Services. When
        practicable, Segment will use reasonable efforts to provide
        Customer with advance notice of the suspension (email
        sufficing). Unless this Agreement has been terminated, Segment
        will cooperate to restore Customer's access to the Services
        promptly after Segment verifies that Customer has resolved the
        issue requiring suspension.

    4.  **Effect of Termination**. Upon any expiration or termination of
        this Agreement, Customer shall immediately cease any and all use
        of and access to the Services (including any and all related
        Segment technology), cease distributing any Segment Code
        installed on Customer Properties, and delete (or, at Segment's
        request, return) any and all copies of the Documentation, any
        Segment passwords or access codes and any other Segment
        Confidential Information in its possession. Customer
        acknowledges that following termination it shall have no further
        access to any Customer Data in the Services, and that Segment
        may delete any such data as may have been stored by Segment at
        any time. Upon any expiration or termination of this Agreement,
        Segment shall delete all Customer Data within sixty (60) days
        after receipt of Customer's written request. Notwithstanding the
        foregoing, Customer understands that Segment may retain copies
        of Customer Data in regular backups or as required by Laws,
        which will remain subject to the security standards in Section 3
        (Security). Except where an exclusive remedy is specified, the
        exercise of either party of any remedy under this Agreement,
        including termination, will be without prejudice to any other
        remedies it may have under this Agreement, by law or otherwise.

    5.  **Survival**. The following Sections shall survive any
        expiration or termination of this Agreement: 1.6 (Use
        Restrictions), 2.4 (Indemnification by Customer), 4 (Ownership),
        5.2 (Fees and Payment), 6 (Term and Termination), 7.2 (Warranty
        Disclaimer), 10 (Limitation of Remedies and Damages), 11
        (Indemnification), 12 (Confidential Information), the
        disclaimers in Section 13 (Beta Releases), 15 (Modifications)
        and 16 (General Terms).

7.  **LIMITED WARRANTY**

    1.  **Limited Warranty**. Segment warrants, for Customer's benefit
        only, that the Services will operate in substantial conformity
        with the applicable Documentation. Segment's sole liability (and
        Customer's sole and exclusive remedy) for any breach of this
        warranty shall be, at no charge to Customer, for Segment to use
        commercially reasonable efforts to correct the reported
        non-conformity, or if Segment determines such remedy to be
        impracticable, either party may terminate the applicable
        Subscription Term and Customer will receive as its sole remedy a
        refund of any fees Customer has pre-paid for use of the
        applicable Services for the terminated portion of the applicable
        Subscription Term. The limited warranty set forth in this
        Section 7.1 shall not apply: (i) unless Customer makes a claim
        within thirty (30) days of the date on which Customer first
        noticed the non-conformity, (ii) if the error was caused by
        misuse, unauthorized modifications or third-party hardware,
        software or services, or (iii) to Beta Releases or any use of
        the Services provided on a no-charge or evaluation basis.

    2.  **Warranty Disclaimer**. EXCEPT FOR THE LIMITED WARRANTY IN
        SECTION 7.1, THE SERVICES, TECHNICAL SERVICES and ALL RELATED
        SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS". NEITHER SEGMENT NOR ITS SUPPLIERS
        MAKES ANY OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR
        OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF
        MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR
        NONINFRINGEMENT. Segment does not warrant that Customer's use of
        THE SERVICEs will be uninterrupted or error-free, nor does
        Segment warrant that it will review the Customer Data for
        accuracy or that it will preserve or maintain the Customer Data
        without loss. CUSTOMER UNDERSTANDS THAT CUSTOMER DATA IS SHARED
        WITH DESTINATIONS AT CUSTOMER'S ELECTION AND SEGMENT TAKES NO
        RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY DESTINATION'S USE OR PROTECTION OF
        CUSTOMER DATA ONCE IT HAS BEEN SHARED. CUSTOMER UNDERSTANDS THAT
        IT IS RESPONSIBLE FOR PUTTING IN PLACE ANY CONTRACTUAL
        ARRANGEMENTS WITH DESTINATIONS REQUIRED BY LAWS. Segment SHALL
        NOT BE LIABLE FOR DELAYS, INTERRUPTIONS, SERVICE FAILURES OR
        OTHER PROBLEMS INHERENT IN USE OF THE INTERNET AND ELECTRONIC
        COMMUNICATIONS OR OTHER SYSTEMS OUTSIDE THE REASONABLE CONTROL
        OF Segment. CUSTOMER MAY HAVE OTHER STATUTORY RIGHTS, BUT THE
        DURATION OF STATUTORILY REQUIRED WARRANTIES, IF ANY, SHALL BE
        LIMITED TO THE SHORTEST PERIOD PERMITTED BY LAW.

8.  **Service Levels and support**. During the Subscription Term, the
    Services will be subject to the standard service level and standard
    support terms at \[URL\] ("**Service Level and Support Policy**").

9.  **tECHNICAL Services**. Any purchased Technical Services will be as
    described in the relevant Order Form, subject to the fees and any
    additional terms in the Order Form. Customer will reimburse Segment
    for reasonable, pre-approved travel and lodging expenses incurred in
    providing Technical Services. For prepaid Technical Services, unless
    specified in the Order Form, Customer is paying for the availability
    and efforts of Segment personnel over the time period specified in
    the Order Form (e.g., up to eight hours in a week); any unused time
    expires at the end of such period (or at maximum, six (6) months
    after purchase) and may not be banked, accumulated or saved for
    future periods or purchases. To facilitate Technical Services,
    Customer will provide Segment with access to reasonably requested
    Customer Materials and cooperation and will designate an internal
    project manager to serve as Segment's single point of contact.  If
    Customer fails to do so, Segment's obligation to provide Technical
    Services will be excused until Customer does. Segment will use
    Customer Materials only for purposes of providing Technical
    Services. If Segment provides deliverables as part of Technical
    Services, Customer may use the deliverables only as part of its
    authorized use of the Services, subject to the same terms as for the
    Services in Section 1 (Segment Services) and Section 2 (Customer
    Obligations).

10. **Limitation of Remedies and Damages**

    1.  **Consequential Damages Waiver**. EXCEPT FOR EXCLUDED CLAIMS
        (DEFINED BELOW), NEITHER PARTY (NOR ITS SUPPLIERS) SHALL HAVE
        ANY LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT FOR
        ANY LOSS OF USE, LOST DATA, LOST PROFITS, FAILURE OF SECURITY
        MECHANISMS, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, OR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
        INCIDENTAL, RELIANCE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, EVEN
        IF INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES IN ADVANCE.

    2.  **Liability Cap**. EXCEPT FOR EXCLUDED CLAIMS, EACH PARTY'S (AND
        ITS SUPPLIERS') ENTIRE LIABILITY TO THE OTHER ARISING OUT OF OR
        RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY
        PAID OR PAYABLE BY CUSTOMER TO SEGMENT DURING THE PRIOR
        TWELVE (12) MONTHS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

    3.  **Excluded Claims**. "**Excluded Claims**" means (a) any claim
        arising from Customer's breach of Sections 1.6 (Use
        Restrictions), 2.2 (Rights in Customer Data) or 2.3 (No
        Sensitive Personal Information); or (b) any amounts payable to
        third parties pursuant to Customer's indemnification obligations
        under Section 2.4 (Indemnification by Customer) or Segment's
        indemnification obligations under Section 11 (Indemnification).

    4.  **Nature of Claims and Failure of Essential Purpose**. The
        parties agree that the waivers and limitations specified in this
        Section 10 apply regardless of the form of action, whether in
        contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or
        otherwise and will survive and apply even if any limited remedy
        specified in this Agreement is found to have failed of its
        essential purpose.

11. **INDEMNIFICATION**. Segment shall defend Customer from and against
    any claim by a third party alleging that the Services when used as
    authorized under this Agreement infringes a U.S. patent or any
    copyright or trademark and shall indemnify and hold harmless
    Customer from and against any damages and costs awarded against
    Customer or agreed in settlement by Segment (including reasonable
    attorneys' fees) resulting from such claim, provided that Segment
    has received from Customer: (i) prompt written notice of such claim
    (but in any event notice in sufficient time for Segment to respond
    without prejudice); (ii) the exclusive right to control and direct
    the investigation, defense and settlement (if applicable) of such
    claim; and (iii) all reasonably necessary cooperation of Customer
    (at Segment's expense for reasonable out-of-pocket costs). If
    Customer's use of the Services is (or in Segment's opinion is likely
    to be) enjoined, if required by settlement or if Segment determines
    such actions are reasonably necessary to avoid material liability,
    Segment may, in its sole discretion: (a) substitute substantially
    functionally similar products or services; (b) procure for Customer
    the right to continue using the Services; or if (a) and (b) are not
    commercially reasonable, (c) terminate the Agreement and refund to
    Customer the fees paid by Customer for the portion of the
    Subscription Term that was paid by Customer but not rendered by
    Segment. The foregoing indemnification obligation of Segment shall
    not apply: (1) if the Services are modified by any party other than
    Segment, but solely to the extent the alleged infringement is caused
    by such modification; (2) if the Services are combined with products
    or processes not provided by Segment, but solely to the extent the
    alleged infringement is caused by such combination; (3) to any
    unauthorized use of the Services; (4) to any action arising as a
    result of Customer Data or any third-party deliverables or
    components contained within the Services; (5) if Customer settles or
    makes any admissions with respect to a claim without Segment's prior
    written consent; or (6) to Beta Releases or any use of the Services
    provided on a no-charge or evaluation basis. THIS SECTION 11 SETS
    FORTH Segment's AND ITS SUPPLIERS' SOLE LIABILITY AND CUSTOMER'S
    SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM OF INTELLECTUAL
    PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT.

12. **CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION**. Each party (as "**Receiving Party**")
    agrees that all code, inventions, know-how, business, technical and
    financial information it obtains from the disclosing party
    ("**Disclosing Party**") constitute the confidential property of the
    Disclosing Party ("**Confidential Information**"), provided that it
    is identified as confidential at the time of disclosure or should be
    reasonably known by the Receiving Party to be confidential or
    proprietary due to the nature of the information disclosed and the
    circumstances surrounding the disclosure. Any Segment technology,
    performance information relating to the Services, and the terms and
    conditions of this Agreement shall be deemed Confidential
    Information of Segment without any marking or further designation.
    Except as expressly authorized herein, the Receiving Party shall (1)
    hold in confidence and not disclose any Confidential Information to
    third parties and (2) not use Confidential Information for any
    purpose other than fulfilling its obligations and exercising its
    rights under this Agreement. The Receiving Party may disclose
    Confidential Information to its employees, agents, contractors and
    other representatives having a legitimate need to know (including,
    for Segment, the subcontractors referenced in Section 16.10),
    provided that such representatives are bound to confidentiality
    obligations no less protective of the Disclosing Party than this
    Section 12 and that the Receiving Party remains responsible for
    compliance by any such representative with the terms of this
    Section 12. The Receiving Party's confidentiality obligations shall
    not apply to information that the Receiving Party can document: (i)
    was rightfully in its possession or known to it prior to receipt of
    the Confidential Information; (ii) is or has become public knowledge
    through no fault of the Receiving Party; (iii) is rightfully
    obtained by the Receiving Party from a third party without breach of
    any confidentiality obligation; or (iv) is independently developed
    by employees of the Receiving Party who had no access to such
    information. The Receiving Party may make disclosures to the extent
    required by law or court order, provided the Receiving Party
    notifies the Disclosing Party in advance and cooperates in any
    effort to obtain confidential treatment. The Receiving Party
    acknowledges that disclosure of Confidential Information would cause
    substantial harm for which damages alone would not be a sufficient
    remedy, and therefore that upon any such disclosure by the Receiving
    Party the Disclosing Party shall be entitled to seek appropriate
    equitable relief in addition to whatever other remedies it might
    have at law.

13. **Beta Releases**. Customer may receive access to a Service (or
    Service features) as an alpha, beta or early access offering
    ("**Beta Releases**"). Segment identifies all Beta Releases as such
    and any usage by Customer is optional. Use of a Beta Release is
    permitted only for Customer's internal evaluation during the period
    designated by Segment (or if not designated, 30 days) and may be
    subject to additional terms provided by Segment and agreed by
    Customer. Segment may suspend or terminate Customer's access to Beta
    Releases at any time for any reason. Beta Releases may be
    inoperable, incomplete or include features that Segment may never
    release, and their features and performance information are
    Segment's Confidential Information. **Notwithstanding anything else
    in this Agreement, Segment provides no warranty, service levels or
    support for Beta Releases and its liability for Beta Releases will
    not exceed US\$50.**

14. **CO-MARKETING**. Customer agrees to participate in reasonable
    marketing activities that promote the benefits of the Services to
    other potential customers and to use of Customer's name and logo on
    Segment's web site and in Segment promotional materials. Customer
    agrees that Segment may disclose Customer as a customer of Segment.

15. **MODIFICATIONS**

    1.  **Modifications to this Agreement**. Segment may modify the
        terms and conditions of this Agreement (which may include
        changes to Services pricing and plans) from time to time with
        notice to Customer in accordance with Section 16.5 (Notice).
        Unless a shorter period is specified by Segment (e.g., due to
        changes in the law or exigent circumstances), the modifications
        become effective upon renewal of Customer's current Subscription
        Term or entry into a new Order Form. If Segment specifies that
        the modifications to the Agreement will take effect prior to
        Customer's next renewal or order and Customer notifies Segment
        in writing of its objection to the modifications within
        thirty (30) days after the date of such notice, Segment (at its
        option and as Customer's exclusive remedy) will either: (a)
        permit Customer to continue under the existing version of this
        Agreement until expiration of the then-current Subscription Term
        (after which time the modified Agreement will go into effect)
        or (b) allow Customer to terminate this Agreement and receive a
        pro-rated refund of any fees Customer has pre-paid for use of
        the Services for the terminated portion of the applicable
        Subscription Term. Customer may be required to click to accept
        or otherwise agree to the modified Agreement in order to
        continue using the Services, and, in any event, continued use of
        the Services after the updated version of this Agreement goes
        into effect will constitute Customer's acceptance of such
        updated version.

    2.  **Changes to Policies**. In addition, Segment may modify the
        Service Level and Support Policy and the security terms
        described in [Exhibit A]{.underline} (Information Security
        Policy) from time to time to reflect process improvements or
        changing practices (but the modifications will not materially
        decrease Segment's obligations as compared to those in such
        policies as of the Effective Date). Policy modifications will
        apply automatically on the effective date specified by Segment
        and the Customer objection procedures in Section 15.1
        (Modifications to this Agreement) will not apply.

16. **GENERAL TERMS**

    1.  **Assignment**. This Agreement will bind and inure to the
        benefit of each party's permitted successors and assigns.
        Neither party may assign this Agreement without the advance
        written consent of the other party, except that either party may
        assign this Agreement in connection with a merger,
        reorganization, acquisition or other transfer of all or
        substantially all of such party's assets or voting securities
        (any of the foregoing, a "**Change of Control**").
        Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Change of
        Control by Customer: (a) Customer shall provide written notice
        to Segment of any such Change of Control either before or within
        five (5) days after its taking effect and (b) the assignee
        agrees in writing to assume all of the obligations of Customer
        under this Agreement. Any attempt to transfer or assign this
        Agreement except as expressly authorized under this Section 16.1
        will be null and void.

    2.  **Severability**. If any provision of this Agreement shall be
        adjudged by any court of competent jurisdiction to be
        unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited to the
        minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise
        remain in effect.

    3.  **Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue**. This Agreement shall
        be governed by the laws of the State of California and the
        United States without regard to conflicts of laws provisions
        thereof, and without regard to the United Nations Convention on
        the International Sale of Goods. The jurisdiction and venue for
        actions related to the subject matter hereof shall be the state
        and United States federal courts located in San Francisco,
        California and both parties hereby submit to the personal
        jurisdiction of such courts.

    4.  **Attorneys' Fees and Costs**. The prevailing party in any
        action to enforce this Agreement will be entitled to recover its
        attorneys' fees and costs in connection with such action.

    5.  **Notice**. Any notice or communication required or permitted
        under this Agreement shall be in writing. If to Segment, notices
        must be provided to the address set forth in Section 16.6
        (Segment Contact Information), and shall be deemed to have been
        received (i) if given by hand, immediately upon receipt; (ii) if
        given by overnight courier service, the first business day
        following dispatch or (iii) if given by registered or certified
        mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested, the second
        business day after such notice is deposited in the mail. If to
        Customer, Segment may provide notice to Customer's email address
        on file or through the Services and such notices shall be deemed
        to have been received upon delivery. Either party may update its
        address with notice to the other party.

    6.  **Segment Contact Information**. Any Customer notices, questions
        or complaints regarding the Services should be sent to the
        following address:

Segment.io, Inc.

100 California Street, Suite 700

San Francisco, CA 94111

7.  **Waivers**. No waiver will be implied from conduct or failure to
    enforce or exercise rights under this Agreement, nor will any waiver
    be effective unless in a writing signed by a duly authorized
    representative on behalf of the party claimed to have waived.

8.  **Entire Agreement; Interpretation**. This Agreement is the complete
    and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties
    and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements
    and communications relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.
    No provision of any purchase order or other business form employed
    by Customer will supersede the terms and conditions of this
    Agreement, and any such document relating to this Agreement shall be
    for administrative purposes only and shall have no legal effect. In
    this Agreement, headings are for convenience only and **"including",
    "e.g.", and similar terms will be construed without limitation.**
    Customer acknowledges that the Services are on-line,
    subscription-based products, and that in order to provide improved
    customer experience Segment may make changes to the Services, and
    Segment will update the applicable Documentation accordingly.

9.  **Force Majeure**. Neither party shall be liable to the other for
    any delay or failure to perform any obligation under this Agreement
    (except for a failure to pay fees) if the delay or failure is due to
    unforeseen events that occur after the signing of this Agreement and
    that are beyond the reasonable control of such party, such as a
    strike, blockade, war, act of terrorism, riot, natural disaster,
    failure or diminishment of power or telecommunications or data
    networks or services, or refusal of a license by a government
    agency.

10. **Subcontractors**. Segment may use the services of subcontractors
    and permit them to exercise the rights granted to Segment in order
    to provide the Services and Technical Services under this Agreement.
    These subcontractors may include, for example, Segment's hosting,
    infrastructure and CDN providers. Segment remains responsible for
    compliance of any such subcontractor with the terms of this
    Agreement and the overall performance of the Services as required
    under this Agreement.

11. **Subpoenas**. Nothing in this Agreement prevents Segment from
    disclosing Customer Data to the extent required by law, subpoenas,
    or court orders, but Segment shall use commercially reasonable
    efforts to notify Customer where permitted to do so.

12. **Independent Contractors**. The parties to this Agreement are
    independent contractors. There is no relationship of partnership,
    joint venture, employment, franchise or agency created hereby
    between the parties. Neither party will have the power to bind the
    other or incur obligations on the other party's behalf without the
    other party's prior written consent.

13. **Export Control**. In its use of the Services, Customer agrees to
    comply with all export and import laws and regulations of the United
    States and other applicable jurisdictions. Without limiting the
    foregoing, (i) Customer represents and warrants that it is not
    listed on any U.S. government list of prohibited or restricted
    parties or located in (or a national of) a country that is subject
    to a U.S. government embargo or that has been designated by the U.S.
    government as a "terrorist supporting" country, (ii) Customer shall
    not (and shall not permit any of its users to) access or use the
    Services in violation of any U.S. export embargo, prohibition or
    restriction, and (iii) Customer shall not submit to the Services any
    information that is controlled under the U.S. International Traffic
    in Arms Regulations.

14. **Government End-Users.** Elements of the Services are commercial
    computer software. **If the user or licensee of the Services is an
    agency, department, or other entity of the United States Government,
    the use, duplication, reproduction, release, modification,
    disclosure, or transfer of the Services, or any related
    documentation of any kind, including technical data and manuals, is
    restricted by a license agreement or by the terms of this Agreement
    in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation 12.212 for
    civilian purposes and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation
    Supplement 227.7202 for military purposes. The Services were
    developed fully at private expense. All other use is prohibited**.

15.

**[Exhibit A]{.underline}**

**INFORMATION SECURITY POLICY**

**Introduction**

Segment considers protection of Customer Data a top priority. As further
described in this Segment Information Security Policy, Segment uses
commercially reasonable organizational and technical measures designed
to prevent unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure of
Customer Data stored on systems under Segment's control. Segment
maintains these security measures in accordance with ISO 27001, 27017
and 27018.

1.  **Customer Data and Management**. Segment limits its personnel's
    access to Customer Data as follows:

    1.  Requires unique user access authorization through secure logins
        and passwords, including multi-factor authentication for Cloud
        Hosting administrator access and individually-assigned Secure
        Socket Shell (SSH) keys for external engineer access;

    2.  Limits the Customer Data available to Segment personnel on a
        "need to know" basis;

    3.  Restricts access to Segment's production environment by Segment
        personnel on the basis of business need;

    4.  Encrypts user security credentials for production access; and

    5.  Prohibits Segment personnel from storing Customer Data on
        electronic portable storage devices such as computer laptops,
        portable drives and other similar devices.

    6.  Segment logically separates each of its customers' data and
        maintains measures designed to prevent Customer Data from being
        exposed to or accessed by other customers.

2.  **Data Encryption**. Segment provides industry-standard encryption
    for Customer Data as follows:

    1.  Implements encryption in transport and at rest;

    2.  Uses strong encryption methodologies to protect Customer Data,
        including AES 256-bit encryption for Customer Data stored in
        Segment's production environment; and

    3.  Encrypts all Customer Data located in cloud storage while at
        rest.

3.  **Network Security, Physical Security and Environmental Controls**

    1.  Segment uses firewalls, network access controls and other
        techniques designed to prevent unauthorized access to systems
        processing Customer Data.

    2.  Segment maintains measures designed to assess, test and apply
        security patches to all relevant systems and applications used
        to provide the Services.

    3.  Segment monitors privileged access to applications that process
        Customer Data, including cloud services.

    4.  The Services operate on Amazon Web Services ("**AWS**") and
        Google Cloud ("**GCS**") and are protected by the security and
        environmental controls of Amazon and Google, respectively.
        Detailed information about AWS security is available at
        <https://aws.amazon.com/security/> and
        <http://aws.amazon.com/security/sharing-the-security-responsibility/>.
        For AWS SOC Reports, please see
        <https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/soc-faqs/>. Detailed
        information about GCS security is available at
        <https://cloud.google.com/docs/tutorials#security>.

    5.  Customer Data stored within AWS or GCS is encrypted at all
        times. AWS and GCS do not have access to unencrypted Customer
        Data.

4.  **Independent Security Assessments**. Segment periodically assesses
    the security of its systems and the Services as follows:

    1.  Annual detailed security and vulnerability assessments of the
        Services conducted by independent third-party security experts
        that include a code analysis and a comprehensive security
        review. Segment shall attest to Customer the date of the most
        recent security and vulnerability assessment at Customer's
        reasonable request.

    2.  Segment hires accredited third parties to perform audits and to
        attest to various compliance and certifications annually
        including ISO 27001, 27017, and 27018.

    3.  Bi-annual penetration testing of Segment systems and
        applications to test for exploits including, but not limited to,
        XSS, SQL injection, access controls, and CSRF.

    4.  Monthly vulnerability scanning.

5.  **Incident Response**. If Segment becomes aware of unauthorized
    access or disclosure of Customer Data under its control (a
    "**Breach**"), Segment will:

    1.  Take reasonable measures to mitigate the harmful effects of the
        Breach and prevent further unauthorized access or disclosure.

    2.  Upon confirmation of the Breach, notify Customer in writing of
        the Breach without undue delay. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
        Segment is not required to make such notice to the extent
        prohibited by Laws, and Segment may delay such notice as
        requested by law enforcement and/or in light of Segment's
        legitimate needs to investigate or remediate the matter before
        providing notice.

    3.  Each notice of a Breach will include:

        1.  The extent to which Customer Data has been, or is reasonably
            believed to have been, used, accessed, acquired or disclosed
            during the Breach;

        2.  A description of what happened, including the date of the
            Breach and the date of discovery of the Breach, if known;

        3.  The scope of the Breach, to the extent known; and

        4.  A description of Segment's response to the Breach, including
            steps Segment has taken to mitigate the harm caused by the
            Breach.

6.  **Business Continuity Management**

    1.  Segment maintains an appropriate business continuity and
        disaster recovery plan.

    2.  Segment maintains processes to ensure failover redundancy with
        its systems, networks and data storage.

7.  **Personnel Management**

    1.  Segment performs employment verification, including proof of
        identity validation and criminal background checks for all new
        hires, including contract employees, in accordance with
        applicable law.

    2.  Segment provides training for its personnel who are involved in
        the processing of the Customer Data to ensure they do not
        collect, process or use Customer Data without authorization and
        that they keep Customer Data confidential, including following
        the termination of any role involving the Customer Data.

    3.  Segment conducts routine and random monitoring of employee
        systems activity.

    4.  Upon employee termination, whether voluntary or involuntary,
        Segment immediately disables all access to Segment systems,
        including Segment's physical facilities.

**[Exhibit B]{.underline}**

DATA PROTECTION ADDENDUM

1.  **Introduction**

This Data Protection Addendum ("**Addendum**") is part of the Agreement
between Segment and Customer and applies to Segment's Processing of
Customer Personal Data under the Agreement.

2.  **Definitions**

For purposes of this Addendum, the terms below have the meanings set
forth below. Capitalized terms that are used but not defined in this
Addendum have the meanings given in the Agreement.

a.  "**Affiliate**" means any entity that directly or indirectly
    controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the
    subject entity, where "control" refers to the power to direct or
    cause the direction of the subject entity, whether through ownership
    of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

b.  "**CCPA**" means the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as
    amended from time to time.

c.  **"Customer Personal Data" means any Customer Data (as defined in
    the Agreement) that is Personal Data.** For purposes of this
    Addendum, Customer Personal Data does not include personal
    information of employees or other representatives of Customer with
    whom Segment has a direct business relationship.

d.  "**Data Protection Laws**" means, with respect to a party, all
    privacy, data protection and information security-related laws and
    regulations applicable to such party's Processing of Personal Data,
    including, where applicable, EU Data Protection Law and the CCPA.

e.  "**Data Subject**" means the identified or identifiable natural
    person who is the subject of Personal Data.

f.  "**EU Data Protection Law**" means European Union Regulation
    2016/679 ("**GDPR**") and any national legislation implementing
    GDPR, as amended from time to time.

g.  "**Processing**" means any operation or set of operations which is
    performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data, whether or
    not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization,
    structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval,
    consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or
    otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction,
    erasure or destruction.

h.  "**Personal Data**" means "personal data", "personal information",
    "personally identifiable information" or similar information defined
    in and governed by Data Protection Laws.

i.  "**Security Incident**" means any confirmed unauthorized or unlawful
    breach of security that leads to the accidental or unlawful
    destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of or access
    to Personal Data being Processed by Segment. Security Incidents do
    not include unsuccessful attempts or activities that do not
    compromise the security of Personal Data, including unsuccessful
    log-in attempts, pings, port scans, denial of service attacks or
    other network attacks on firewalls or networked systems.

j.  "**Subprocessor**" means any third party authorized by Segment or
    its Affiliates to Process any Customer Personal Data.

k.  "**Third Party Subprocessor**" means any Subprocessor who is not an
    Affiliate of Segment.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
3.  **General; Termination**

    a.  This Addendum forms part of the Agreement and except as
        expressly set forth in this Addendum, the Agreement remains
        unchanged and in full force and effect. If there is any conflict
        between this Addendum and the Agreement, this Addendum shall
        govern.

    b.  Any liabilities arising under this Addendum are subject to the
        limitations of liability in the Agreement.

    c.  This Addendum will be governed by and construed in accordance
        with governing law and jurisdiction provisions in the Agreement,
        unless required otherwise by applicable Data Protection Laws.

    d.  This Addendum will automatically terminate upon expiration or
        termination of the Agreement.

4.  **Scope of this Addendum**

> This Addendum applies to Segment's Processing of Customer Personal
> Data under the Agreement, except that [Annex A]{.underline} (EU Annex)
> to this Addendum applies only to such Processing of Customer Personal
> Data governed by EU Data Protection Law and [Annex B]{.underline}
> (California Annex) to this Addendum applies only to such Processing of
> Customer Personal Data governed by the CCPA.

5.  **Role and Scope of the Processing**

    a.  Segment will Process Customer Data only in accordance with
        Customer's instructions. By entering into the Agreement,
        Customer instructs Segment to Process Customer Data to provide
        the Services and pursuant to any other written instructions
        given by Customer and acknowledged in writing by Segment as
        constituting instructions for purposes of this Addendum.
        Customer acknowledges and agrees that such instruction
        authorizes Segment to Process Customer Data (a) to perform its
        obligations and exercise its rights under the Agreement; and (b)
        to perform its legal obligations and to establish, exercise or
        defend legal claims in respect of the Agreement.

    b.  For clarity, nothing in this Addendum limits Segment from
        transmitting Customer Data to and among Sources and Destinations
        as directed by Customer through the Services. The parties agree
        that neither Sources nor Destinations are Subprocessors of
        Segment and that, between the parties, Customer is solely
        responsible for the Processing of Customer Personal Data by, and
        other acts and omissions of, Sources and Destinations or parties
        associated therewith.

6.  **Subprocessing**

    a.  Customer specifically authorizes Segment to use its Affiliates
        as Subprocessors, and generally authorizes Segment to engage
        Third Party Subprocessors to Process Customer Personal Data.
        Segment:

        i.  shall enter into a written agreement with each Subprocessor,
            imposing data protection obligations substantially similar
            to those set out in this Addendum; and

        ii. remains liable for compliance with the obligations of this
            Addendum and for any acts or omissions of the Subprocessor
            that cause Segment to breach any of its obligations under
            this Addendum.

    b.  A list of Segment's Subprocessors, including their functions and
        locations, is available at
        <https://segment.com/docs/legal/subprocessors/> or such other
        website as Segment may designate ("**Subprocessor Page**"), and
        may be updated by Segment from time to time in accordance with
        this Addendum.

    c.  When any new Third Party Subprocessor is engaged, Segment will
        notify Customer of the engagement, which notice may be given by
        updating the Subprocessor Page and via a message through
        Customer's Segment Workspace. Segment will give such notice at
        least ten (10) calendar days before the new Subprocessor
        Processes any Customer Personal Data, except that if Segment
        reasonably believes engaging a new Subprocessor on an expedited
        basis is necessary to protect the confidentiality, integrity or
        availability of the Customer Personal Data or avoid material
        disruption to the Services, Segment will give such notice as
        soon as reasonably practicable. If, within five (5) calendar
        days after such notice, Customer notifies Segment in writing
        that Customer objects to Segment's appointment of a new Third
        Party Subprocessor based on reasonable data protection concerns,
        the parties will discuss such concerns in good faith and whether
        they can be resolved. If the parties are not able to mutually
        agree to a resolution of such concerns, Customer, as its sole
        and exclusive remedy, may terminate the Agreement for
        convenience.

7.  **Security**

    a.  Segment shall implement and maintain technical and
        organizational security measures designed to protect Customer
        Personal Data from Security Incidents and to preserve the
        security and confidentiality of the Customer Personal Data, in
        accordance with Segment's security standards referenced in the
        Agreement ("**Security Measures**").

    b.  Customer is responsible for reviewing the information made
        available by Segment relating to data security and making an
        independent determination as to whether the Services meet
        Customer's requirements and legal obligations under Data
        Protection Laws. Customer acknowledges that the Security
        Measures may be updated from time to time upon reasonable notice
        to Customer to reflect process improvements or changing
        practices (but the modifications will not materially decrease
        Segment's obligations as compared to those reflected in such
        terms as of the Effective Date).

    c.  Upon becoming aware of a confirmed Security Incident, Segment
        shall notify Customer without undue delay unless prohibited by
        applicable law. A delay in giving such notice requested by law
        enforcement and/or in light of Segment's legitimate needs to
        investigate or remediate the matter before providing notice
        shall not constitute an undue delay. Such notices will describe,
        to the extent possible, details of the Security Incident,
        including steps taken to mitigate the potential risks and steps
        Segment recommends Customer take to address the Security
        Incident. Without prejudice to Segment's obligations under this
        Section 7.c., Customer is solely responsible for complying with
        Security Incident notification laws applicable to Customer and
        fulfilling any third party notification obligations related to
        any Security Incidents. Segment's notification of or response to
        a Security Incident under this Section 7.c. will not be
        construed as an acknowledgement by Segment of any fault or
        liability with respect to the Security Incident.

    d.  Customer agrees that, without limitation of Segment's
        obligations under this Section 7, Customer is solely responsible
        for its use of the Services, including (a) making appropriate
        use of the Services to ensure a level of security appropriate to
        the risk in respect of the Customer Data; (b) securing the
        account authentication credentials, systems and devices Customer
        uses to access the Services; (c) securing Customer's systems and
        devices that it uses with the Services; and (d) maintaining its
        own backups of Customer Data.

8.  **Data Subject Requests**

> Segment shall upon Customer's request (and at Customer's expense)
> provide Customer with such assistance as it may reasonably require to
> comply with its obligations under Data Protection Laws to respond to
> requests from individuals to exercise their rights under Data
> Protection Laws (e.g., rights of data access, rectification, erasure,
> restriction, portability and objection) in cases where Customer cannot
> reasonably fulfill such requests independently by using the
> self-service functionality of the Services. If Segment receives a
> request from a Data Subject in relation to their Customer Personal
> Data, Segment will advise the Data Subject to submit their request to
> Customer, and Customer will be responsible for responding to any such
> request.

9.  **Return or Deletion of Data**

    a.  Segment shall, within sixty (60) days after request by Customer
        following the termination or expiration of the Agreement, delete
        all of the Customer Personal Data from Segment's systems.

    b.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer understands that Segment
        may retain Customer Personal Data if required by law, which data
        will remain subject to the requirements of this Addendum.

Annex A -- EU Annex

1.  **Definitions; Processing of Data**

    a.  **Definitions**. For purposes of this [Annex A]{.underline}, the
        terms "**controller**", "**processor**" and "**supervisory
        authority**" have the meanings given in EU Data Protection Law;
        "**Standard Contractual Clauses**" means the Standard
        Contractual Clauses for Processors as approved by the European
        Commission under Decision 2010/87/EU in the form made accessible
        in Customer's Segment Workspace; and "**data importer**" and
        "**data exporter**" have the meanings given in the Standard
        Contractual Clauses.

    b.  **Subject Matter and Details of Processing**. The parties
        acknowledge and agree that (a) the subject matter of the
        Processing under the Agreement is Segment's provision of the
        Services; (b) the duration of the Processing is from Segment's
        receipt of Customer Personal Data until deletion of all Customer
        Personal Data by Segment in accordance with the Agreement; (c)
        the nature and purpose of the Processing is to provide the
        Services; (d) the Data Subjects to whom the Processing pertains
        are Customer's customers, end users or other individuals to whom
        Customer Personal Data pertains; and (e) the categories of
        Customer Personal Data are such categories as Customer is
        authorized to ingest into the Services under the Agreement.

    c.  **Roles and Regulatory Compliance; Authorization**. The parties
        acknowledge and agree that (a) Segment is a processor of the
        Customer Personal Data under EU Data Protection Law; (b)
        Customer is a controller of the Customer Personal Data under EU
        Data Protection Law; and (c) each party will comply with the
        obligations applicable to it in such role under EU Data
        Protection Law with respect to the Processing of Customer
        Personal Data. To the extent that any Usage Data (as defined in
        the Agreement) is considered Personal Data, Segment is the
        controller with respect to such data and shall Process such data
        in accordance with its **Privacy Policy, which can be found at
        segment.com/docs/legal/privacy.**

    d.  **Segment's Compliance with Instructions**. Segment will only
        Process Customer Personal Data in accordance with Customer's
        instructions in this Addendum unless EU Data Protection Law
        requires otherwise, in which case Segment will notify Customer
        (unless that law prohibits Segment from doing so).

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
10. **Data Security**

    a.  **Segment Security Measures, Controls and Assistance**

        i.  Segment will (taking into account the nature of the
            Processing of Customer Personal Data and the information
            available to Segment) provide Customer with reasonable
            assistance necessary for Customer to comply with its
            obligations in respect of Customer Personal Data under EU
            Data Protection Law, including Articles 32 to 34 (inclusive)
            of the GDPR, by (a) implementing and maintaining the
            Security Measures; (b) complying with the terms of Section 7
            of this Addendum; and (c) complying with this [Annex
            A]{.underline}.

        ii. Segment will grant access to Customer Personal Data only to
            personnel who need such access for the scope of their job
            duties, and are subject to appropriate confidentiality
            obligations. Should an employee of a Customer seek to
            exercise their rights under EU Data Protection Laws (e.g.,
            rights of data access, rectification, erasure, restriction,
            portability and objection) in respect of any Usage Data that
            constitutes Personal Data then the Customer undertakes to
            inform Segment without delay and instruct their employee to
            contact Segment directly via privacy\@segment.com or such
            other email address as directed at the time.

    b.  **Audits and Reviews of Compliance. To the extent applicable
        Data Protection Laws include a right for Customer to audit
        Segment's Processing of Customer Personal Data, Customer will
        exercise such audit right, and Segment will fulfill its
        corresponding obligations, as follows:**

        i.  Segment shall make available to Customer relevant
            information regarding Segment's Processing of Customer
            Personal Data under this Addendum in the form of Segment's
            most recent ISO 27001, ISO 27017 or ISO 27018 certifications
            or similar audit reports ("Third Party Reports").

        ii. Not more than once per calendar year and at Customer's
            expense, Customer may audit Segment's Processing of Customer
            Personal Data for compliance with its obligations under this
            Addendum by submitting reasonable requests for information,
            including security and audit questionnaires. Segment will
            provide written responses to the extent the requested
            information is necessary to confirm Segment's compliance
            with this Addendum. However, if the requested information is
            addressed in a Third Party Report issued within the 12-month
            period prior to Customer's request and Segment confirms
            there have been no material changes in the interim relevant
            to Customer's request, Customer agrees to accept such Third
            Party Report in lieu of a written response. Any information
            provided by Segment under this Section 2.b. constitutes
            Segment's Confidential Information under the Agreement.

        iii. If a third party is to conduct an audit under this Section
             2.b., Segment may object to the auditor if the auditor is,
             in Segment's reasonable opinion, not independent, a
             competitor of Segment or otherwise unqualified. Such
             objection by Segment will require Customer to appoint
             another auditor or conduct the audit itself.

        iv. Customer will promptly notify Segment of any non-compliance
            discovered during the course of an audit and provide Segment
            any audit reports generated in connection with any audit
            under this Section 2.b., unless prohibited by EU Data
            Protection Law or otherwise instructed by a supervisory
            authority. Customer may use the audit reports only for the
            purposes of meeting Customer's regulatory audit requirements
            and confirming that Segment's Processing of Customer
            Personal Data complies with this Addendum.

        v.  Customer shall reimburse Segment for any time expended by
            Segment or its Subprocessors in connection with any audits
            under this Section 2.b. at Segment's then-current
            professional services rates, which shall be made available
            to Customer upon request. Customer will be responsible for
            any fees charged by any auditor appointed by Customer to
            execute any such audit. Nothing in this Addendum shall be
            construed to require Segment to furnish more information
            about its Third Party Subprocessors in connection with such
            audits than such Third Party Subprocessors make generally
            available to their customers. Nothing in this Section 2.b.
            shall require Segment to breach any duties of
            confidentiality.

11. **Impact Assessments and Consultations**

Segment may (taking into account the nature of the Processing and the
information available to Segment) reasonably assist Customer in
complying with Customer's obligations under Articles 35 and 36 of the
GDPR, by (a) making available documentation describing relevant aspects
of Segment's information security program and the security measures
applied in connection therewith; and (b) providing the other information
contained in the Agreement, including this Addendum.

12. **Data Transfers**

    a.  Data Processing Facilities. Segment may, subject to Section
        4.b., store and Process Customer Personal Data in the United
        States or anywhere Segment or its Subprocessors maintain
        facilities. Subject to Segment's obligations in this Section 4,
        Customer is responsible for ensuring that its use of the
        Services complies with any cross-border data transfer
        restrictions of EU Data Protection Law.

    b.  Privacy Shield. To the extent that Segment Processes any
        Customer Personal Data of individuals in the EU or Switzerland
        in the United States, then Segment shall protect such Customer
        Personal Data in accordance with the Privacy Shield Principles
        and Supplemental Principles of the EU-U.S. and Swiss Privacy
        Shield Frameworks ("**Privacy Shield**"). If Segment is unable
        to comply with this requirement, Segment shall inform Customer.

    c.  Standard Contractual Clauses. If Customer is established in the
        EU and transfers Customer Personal Data out of the EU to Segment
        in a country not deemed by the European Commission to have
        adequate data protection, and the Privacy Shield ceases to be a
        basis by which Customer may lawfully make such transfer to
        Segment under Chapter V of the GDPR, and no lawful alternative
        basis for such transfer applies, such transfer will be governed
        by the Standard Contractual Clauses, the terms of which are
        hereby incorporated into this Addendum. In furtherance of the
        foregoing, the parties agree that:

        i.  for purposes of the Standard Contractual Clauses, (a)
            Customer will act as the data exporter and (b) Segment will
            act as the data importer;

        ii. for purposes of Appendix 1 to the Standard Contractual
            Clauses, the Data Subjects, categories of data, and the
            processing operations shall be as set out in Section 1.b. to
            this [Annex A]{.underline};

        iii. for purposes of Appendix 2 to the Standard Contractual
             Clauses, the technical and organizational measures shall be
             the Security Measures;

        iv. upon data exporter's request under the Standard Contractual
            Clauses, data importer will provide the copies of the
            Subprocessor agreements that must be sent by the data
            importer to the data exporter pursuant to Clause 5(j) of the
            Standard Contractual Clauses, and data importer may remove
            or redact all commercial information or clauses unrelated to
            the Standard Contractual Clauses or their equivalent
            beforehand;

        v.  the audits described in Clause 5(f) and Clause 12(2) of the
            Standard Contractual Clauses shall be performed in
            accordance with Section 2.b. of this [Annex A]{.underline};

        vi. Customer's authorizations in Section 6 of this Addendum
            (Subprocessing) will constitute Customer's prior written
            consent to the subcontracting by Segment of the Processing
            of Customer Personal Data if such consent is required under
            Clause 5(h) of the Standard Contractual Clauses;

        vii. certification of deletion of Customer Personal Data as
             described in Clause 12(1) of the Standard Contractual
             Clauses shall be provided only upon Customer's request; and

        viii. the Standard Contractual Clauses shall automatically
              terminate once the Customer Personal Data transfer
              governed thereby becomes lawful under Chapter V of the
              GDPR in the absence of such Standard Contractual Clauses
              on any other basis.

**Annex B - California Annex**

1.  For purposes of this [Annex B]{.underline}, the terms
    "**business**", "**commercial purpose**", "**service provider**",
    "**sell**" and "**personal information**" have the meanings given in
    the CCPA.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
2.  With respect to Customer Personal Data, Segment is a service
    provider under the CCPA.

3.  Segment will not (a) sell Customer Personal Data; (b) retain, use or
    disclose any Customer Personal Data for any purpose other than for
    the specific purpose of providing the Services, including retaining,
    using or disclosing the Customer Personal Data for a commercial
    purpose other than providing the Services; or (c) retain, use or
    disclose the Customer Personal Data outside of the direct business
    relationship between Segment and Customer.

4.  The parties acknowledge and agree that the Processing of Customer
    Personal Data authorized by Customer's instructions described in
    Section 5 of this Addendum is integral to and encompassed by
    Segment's provision of the Services and the direct business
    relationship between the parties.

5.  Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement or any Order Form entered
    in connection therewith, the parties acknowledge and agree that
    Segment's access to Customer Personal Data does not constitute part
    of the consideration exchanged by the parties in respect of the
    Agreement.

6.  To the extent that any Usage Data (as defined in the Agreement) is
    considered Personal Data, Segment is the business with respect to
    such data and shall Process such data in accordance with its
    **Privacy Policy, which can be found at
    segment.com/docs/legal/privacy.**
