# 💥 Segment Partner Source Documentation Template

---
title: Unlocking Simulation Source
---


Unlocking Simulation(https://unlockingproducts.com/?utm_source=segmentio&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners) provides a way to create realistic simulated Segment events that mirror customer interactions with your application. This can help you analyze user behavior, test various scenarios, and optimize your tracking and analytics setup.


This is an [Event Cloud Source](https://segment.com/docs/sources/#event-cloud-sources) which can not only export data into your Segment warehouse, but they can also federate the exported data into your other enabled Segment Destinations.


This source is maintained by [Unlocking Growth](https://unlockinggrowth.co). For any issues with the source, [contact their Support team](mailto:support@unlockinggrowth.co).

_**NOTE:** The Unlocking Simulation Source is currently in beta, which means that they are still actively developing the source. This doc was last updated on August 10, 2023. If you are interested in joining their beta program or have any feedback to help improve the Unlocking Simulation Source and its documentation, [let their team know](mailto:support@unlockinggrowth.co)!_

## Getting Started


1. From your workspace's [Sources catalog page](https://app.segment.com/goto-my-workspace/sources/catalog) click **Add Source**.
2. Search for "Unlocking Simulation" in the Sources Catalog, select Unlocking Simulation, and click **Add Source**.
3. On the next screen, give the Source a nickname configure any other settings.

   - The nickname is used as a label in the Segment app, and Segment creates a related schema name in your warehouse. The nickname can be anything, but we recommend using something that reflects the source itself and distinguishes amongst your environments (eg. SourceName_Prod, SourceName_Staging, SourceName_Dev).

4. Click **Add Source** to save your settings.
5. Copy the Write key from the Segment UI and log in to your Unlocking Simulation account - navigate to Settings > Integrations > Segment Integration and paste the key to connect.

## Stream

Unlocking Simulation uses our stream Source component to send Segment event data. It uses server-side (`track`, `identify`, `page`, `group`) method(s) to send data to Segment. These events are then available in any destination that accepts server-side events, and available in a schema in your data warehouse, so you can query using SQL.

As part of the simulated events, Unlocking Simulation generates fake userIds and emails and includes them in the relevant traits and track events.


## Events

The events generated into Segment are based on what you configure within Unlocking Simulation.  If, for example, you have set up Unlocking Simulation to generate a "Login" event for each new user on a daily basis, then that event will be generated into Segment.


> (delete the below sentence and table)
The table below lists events that Unlocking Simulation sends to Segment. These events appear as tables in your warehouse, and as regular events in other Destinations. Unlocking Simulation includes the `userId` if available.

<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Event Name</td>
   <td>Description</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Email Sent</td>
   <td>Email was sent successfully</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Email Opened</td>
   <td>Prospect opened the email</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Link Clicked</td>
   <td>Prospect clicked the tracking link</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Email Replied</td>
   <td>Prospect replied to the email sent</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Email Bounced</td>
   <td>Email servers rejected the email</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Email Unsubscribed</td>
   <td>Prospect clicked the unsubscribe link</td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Event Properties

Similarly to Events, the Event Properties generated by Unlocking Simulation are entirely based on what you configure within the simulator.  All property types are supported.

> (delete the below sentence and table)
The table below list the properties included in the events listed above.

<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Property Name</td>
   <td>Description</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>`event`</td>
   <td>Email event type</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>`userId`</td>
   <td>Prospect email ID</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>`email_id`</td>
   <td>ID of the email</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>`fromId`</td>
   <td>Sender email ID</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>`email_subject`</td>
   <td>Subject line of the email</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>`link`</td>
   <td>URL of the link clicked</td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Adding Destinations

Now that your Source is set up, you can connect it with Destinations.

Log into your downstream tools and check to see that your events appear as expected, and that they contain all of the properties you expect. If your events and properties don’t appear, check the [Event Delivery](https://segment.com/docs/connections/event-delivery/) tool, and refer to the Destination docs for each tool for troubleshooting.

If there are any issues with how the events are arriving to Segment, [contact the Unlocking Simulation support team](mailto:support@Unlocking Simulation.com).


---