---
title: Send Journeys data to a Destination
plan: engage-foundations
redirect_from:
  - '/personas/journeys/send-data'
---

When you send data to destinations, you send a series of events or user lists, depending on the destination type.

## Before you begin

Ensure you have connected and enabled destinations in your Space.

## Send data to destinations

1. Add a **Send to destinations** step to the journey.
2. Enter a **Step name**. This name should be descriptive of the users you send to the destination. For example, `New subscribed users`. Journeys generates a key based on the step name you enter. Destinations use this key to references the users that Journeys sends to it. For track events, the property name uses this key. For Identify events, the trait name uses the key.
3. Click **Connect destinations** to select the destination you'll send the data to.
4. Click **Save**.

## Test event payloads

With the Engage event tester, you can send a test event payload to a Destination. As a result, you can confirm that you've correctly configured Journey Audiences before you publish your Journey.

Follow these steps to send a test event:

1. From the **Send to destinations** window, select **+ Add destination**.
2. Choose the Destination that you want to connect.
3. In the Destination pane, select **Event tester**.
4. From the **Event Type** dropdown, select the event you want to test. Segment generates a test user ID.
5. Select **Send Event**, then view the test event results in the **Event lifecycle** section.

If your Destination successfully handled the event, Segment displays a `200 OK` HTTP status code along with the full response. If an error occurred, Segment displays any available details in the Event lifecyle section.

## Use Trait Activation with Journeys

Use Trait Enrichment and ID Sync to configure sync payloads that you send from Journeys to your destination.
-  With [Trait Enrichment](/docs/engage/trait-activation/trait-enrichment/), use custom, SQL, computed, and predictive traits to enrich the data you map to your destinations. 
- Use [ID Sync](/docs/engage/trait-activation/id-sync/) to select identifiers and a sync strategy for the data you send to your destination.

To use Trait Activation with Journeys:
1. Navigate to the Journeys builder of a new or existing Journey. 
2. Select [a supported](/docs/engage/trait-activation/trait-activation-setup/#set-up-a-destination) destination from a journey step.
3. Select **Customized Setup**, then add identifier and trait mappings to customize the way you send data to your destination. For more, visit the [Trait Enrichment](/docs/engage/trait-activation/trait-enrichment/#customized-setup/) and [ID Sync](/docs/engage/trait-activation/id-sync/#customized-setup/) setup docs.


## What events are sent to destinations?

The data type you send to a destination depends on whether the destination is an Event destination, or a List destination.

To view the events that are generated by an Engage Space's Journeys, navigate to Unify settings / Debugger / to view the list of Sources that are configured to generate events per [each destination instance](https://segment.com/docs/engage/warehouses/#why-are-there-multiple-schemas-prefixed-with-engage_-in-my-warehouse-when-i-only-have-one-space:~:text=Segment%20currently%20can,schemas%20than%20spaces.). Each source will only generate events to its connected destinations, and under the Source's Debugger tab will be the most recent events generated by that source per the connected destinations' audiences and computed traits. 

The full json body of a journey event will have the journey's specific details found under the `context.personas` object. These fields can be useful when building out [Destination Filters](https://segment.com/docs/connections/destinations/destination-filters/), [Actions destination mappings](https://segment.com/docs/connections/destinations/actions/#set-up-a-destination-action), and [Functions](https://segment.com/docs/connections/functions/).

The integrations object in these payloads will appears as `{"All" : false,}` and only lists some destinations. This is due to the fact that each source has multiple destinations connected while each journey may only have a subset of destinations connected to it. See [Filtering with the Integrations Object](https://segment.com/docs/guides/filtering-data/#filtering-with-the-integrations-object) for more information. The integrations object routing specific events to its specified destinations is also why a destination's [Delivery Overview](https://segment.com/docs/connections/delivery-overview/) tab will show a large number of events under the [Filtered at destination](https://segment.com/docs/connections/delivery-overview/#:~:text=Filtered%20at%20destination%3A%20Events,will%20be%20filtered%20out.) box, as that destination will only receive the events intended to be sent to it by which journeys are connected to that specific destination.

### Event destination

The format in which the destination receives updates depends on the call type.
 
#### Track calls

When the user enters the step:

```json
{
  "context": {
    "personas": {
      "computation_class": "audience", // the type of computation
      "computation_id": "aud_###", // the audience's id found in the URL
      "computation_key": "j_o_###", // the configured journey key that appears on user profile
      "namespace": "spa_###", // the Engage Space's ID
      "space_id": "spa_###" // the Engage Space's ID
    }
  },
  "type": "track",
  "event": "Audience Entered",
  "properties": {
    "j_o_first_purchase__opened_email_dje83h": "true"
  }
}
```

#### Identify calls

When the user enters the step:

```json
{
  "context": {
    "personas": {
      "computation_class": "audience", // the type of computation
      "computation_id": "aud_###", // the audience's id found in the URL
      "computation_key": "j_o_###", // the configured journey key that appears on user profile
      "namespace": "spa_###", // the Engage Space's ID
      "space_id": "spa_###" // the Engage Space's ID
    }
  },
  "type": "identify",
  "traits": {
    "j_o_first_purchase__opened_email_dje83h": "true"
  }
}
```

### List destination

The destination receives a list of users who qualify for the associated journey step. Unlike lists associated with Engage Audiences, users who are added to a journey list cannot be subsequently removed. See [best practices](/docs/engage/journeys/faq-best-practices#suppress-targeting-with-journey-lists) for techniques to suppress targeting with journey lists.

For more information, see [Using Engage Data](/docs/engage/using-engage-data/).
